PLAINTIFF'S FIRST MOTION IN LIMINE AND OBJECTION TO NOTICE OF INTENT

Plaintiff shows the Court that the matters set forth below are inadmissible for any purpose and timely objection at trial would not prevent the prejudice associated with improper questioning or testimony regarding these matters. “The purpose in filing a motion in limine to suppress evidence or to instruct opposing counsel not to offer it is to prevent the asking of prejudicial questions and the making of prejudicial statements in the presence of the jury with respect to matters which have no proper bearing on the issues in the case or on the rights of the parties to the suit.” Harley-Davidson Motor Co. v. Daniel, 244 Ga. 284, 285n1 (1979). Plaintiff respectfully requests a ruling from the Court to exclude the following evidentiary matters at the trial of this case and to instruct counsel for the Defendants and any defense witnesses to refrain from making any mention, interrogation, argument, or statement, whether directly or indirectly, in any manner whatsoever, concerning any of the matters set forth herein without first approaching the bench and obtaining a ruling of the Court outside the presence and hearing of all prospective or actual jurors whether in voir dire, opening statements, direct or cross examination, objection, motions, or closing argument.

1. Other Injuries or Medical Conditions

Defendant should not be permitted to introduce evidence or argument relating to any alternative theory of the causation of Plaintiff's injuries arising from the collision at issue in this case without first laying a foundation based on the testimony of a medical expert. Eberhart v. Morris Brown College, 181 Ga. App. 516, at 518 & 519 (1987); Thomason v. Willingham, 118 Ga. App. 821, 165 S.E. 2d 865 (1968); Cherokee County Hosp. Auth. v. Beaver, 179 Ga. App. 200 (1986); Hunnicutt v. Hunnicutt, 237 Ga. 497 (1976); Gaining v. Barron, 108 Ga. App. 530, 133 S.E.2d 389 (1963). This includes cross-examination of Plaintiff regarding prior medical conditions unsupported by a proper foundation in medical testimony to establish an alternative theory of causation. 

2. The Time or Circumstances under Which Plaintiff Employed Her Attorney.

Plaintiff anticipates that Defendant may attempt to introduce evidence regarding the date when he hired his attorney. Such evidence is not relevant, OCGA § 24-4-402, and any probative value is substantially outweighed by a danger of prejudice or confusion of the issues, or would be misleading to the jury, OCGA § 24-4-403. It also threatens to invade the attorney client privileges in the sense that it at least raises issues regarding the attorney client relationship that would be subject, even if the date itself may not necessarily be privileged. OCGA § 24-5-501(a)(1).

3. Collateral Source Rule.

No evidence should be introduced showing or suggesting in any way that any part of the medical bills of Plaintiff were paid by any health insurance carrier or other third party. Georgia law bars the Defendant from presenting any evidence of third-party payments, because a tortfeasor is not allowed to mitigate its liability by collateral payments provided by others. OCGA §§ 24-4-402, 24-4-403; Candler Hosp. v. Dent, 228 Ga.App. 421, 491 (1997).

4. Objection to Noticed Records

Defendant has submitted a notice of intention to introduce certain records at trial. Certain portions of these records are objectionable and should be excluded or redacted as follows:[fn][references are to the page number of the pdf provided]

NOI 1b - American Health Imaging:

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in whole or part to remove any reference to health insurance, treatment on lien, assignmeent of benefits, "guarantors," representation by an attorney, or the like, including, without limitation, those found on pp. 2, 6-12, 14, 22, 28, 47, and 48.

NOI 3a: Allegiance Radiology

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in whole or part to remove any reference to health insurance, treatment on lien, assignmeent of benefits, "guarantors," representation by an attorney, or the like, including, without limitation, those found on pp 2, 7, and 10.

NOI 4: Benchmark Rehab Parthers

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in whole or part to remove any reference to health insurance, treatment on lien, assignmeent of benefits, "guarantors," representation by an attorney, or the like, including, without limitation, those found on pp. 7-9, 13-14, 16, 37-38, 39, 40, 42 and 43.

NOI 5: Key Health

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in its entirety. Key Health is not a medical provider, and its records are objectionable generally on collateral source grounds. The few pages of medical records contained in this document were not generated by Key Health.

NOI 7a: Northside Hospital Forsyth

pp. 2-12 are pleadings, correspondence, and invoices relating to the document production itself that are not relevant and should be excluded.

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in whole or part to remove any reference to health insurance, treatment on lien, assignmeent of benefits, "guarantors," representation by an attorney, or the like, including, without limitation, those found on pp. 13 and 15.

NOI 7b: Northside Hospital Forsyth

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in whole or part to remove any reference to health insurance, treatment on lien, assignmeent of benefits, "guarantors," representation by an attorney, or the like, including, without limitation, those found on pp. 3 and 4.

NOI 9: Pain Physicians Anesthesia

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in whole or part to remove any reference to health insurance, treatment on lien, assignmeent of benefits, "guarantors," representation by an attorney, or the like, including, without limitation, those found on pp. 3-5, 24-26, and 27-36.

NOI 10: Peachtree Spine Physicians

Pursuant to OCGA §§ 24-4-402 and 24-4-403, this document should be redacted in whole or part to remove any reference to health insurance, treatment on lien, assignmeent of benefits, "guarantors," representation by an attorney, or the like, including, without limitation, those found on pp. 28-35.

Plaintiff reserves the right to assert additional objections to specific documents upon their tender as exhibits at trial. 











