# Laura Alevy v. Donald A. Wheeler, State Court of Hall County 2020SV298Z J. Larry Baldwin

Medical up to date 2020-03-25 per RM, NB Merus is not correct re treatment. In discovery; 6.4 exchanged but basically we're in agreement to wait on the depos. Kinda sketchy TBI based on Goshn testimony. 250k LI coverage, 11.925k medical specials ($12,956).

SEOS Encompass 2020-04-08 SEOS Defendant 2020-04-11 notorious in Ohio,
probably not removeable.

Answer Defendant (sent with discovery and NOD [[2020-08-13]]) - no
concerning defenses, admits "simple negligence in causing the automobile
accident." RFAs admit simple negligence only

UM dismissed by Yarb 2020-05-20

Evaluation Laura Alevy DOL: 04/26/18 DOB: 09/15/1970 (47)

Accident Location: Flowery Branch, Hall County TF Residence: Austinburg,
Ohio Client Residence: Cumming, Forsyth

Carrier: State Farm $250K BI limit

UM Encompass $250K added-on

Medpay: $5,000

Facts/Liability: TF was turning left onto Atlanta Highway and didn't see
client and struck the side of client's 2017 Toyota Rav4

Client's vehicle had to be towed.

No injuries reported at scene.

Medical/treatment

04/30/18 Ghosn Family Medicine - Dr. Ramzi Ghosn - New Pt. C/O left
sided upper chest pain, bilateral knee pain (right > left), neck pain
with radiation bilaterally to shoulders, low back pain with radiation to
buttock. - DX: Abdominal Wall Contusion, Left front wall thorax
contusion, right knee contusion, right shoulder contusion, lower leg
contusion, low back pain. - Rx: Norco, Diclofenac; Toradol injection -
Referred for chest x-ray and PT.

05/02/18--02/11/19 Shahar Gharbi -- Dr. Ashty - 16 DOS Keterolac
(Toradol) injection, refer to PT - complaints eventually include
headache, MRIs ordered but not obtained due to cost, eventually put on
medical leave

05/26/18 Professeur Ghazi Halabi - Cardiologist - C/O irregular
heartbeat and pain in between her shoulders that expand to her hands and
head

09/24/18 North Pointe OBGYN -- Dr. Nancy Walsh - Menses irregular, CS
thinks unrelated

10/05/18, 10/29/18 Northside Neurology -- Dr. Cooper - Didn't have the
records when CS reviewed. - NCS started by aborted "due to patient
discomfort." Cooper said TBI, cognitive impairment, radiculopathy,
"possible polyneuropathy," but physical findings mostly normal.

$11,925.00

Long delay in getting MRI, Goshn (her inlaw) will testify that she's TBI
based on that. Basically she got a lot of toradol shots and pain meds,
doesn't appear to have done any PT.
