Deborah Clark v. Wallis McDonald, State Court of Hall County, 2020SV330Z, J. Larry Baldwin

Alexandra Bowen Higgins 770-381-6175

UM dismissed 2020-06-17

D is disabled, they are looking into whether he needs a representative,
leave the service issue for now, their discovery extended to 2020-08-03;
SERVICE SHOULD BE GOOD Trammel v. Bradberry, 256 Ga. App. 412, 568
S.E.2d 715, 2002 Ga. App. LEXIS 711, 2002 Fulton County D. Rep.Â 3257;
there is no guardianship on file in Baldwin county.

RFAs filed 2020-07-08 were unable to admit or deny, other responses
filed per extension 2020-08-04. D is 89 years old, doesn't have a cell
phone. No response re surveillance. Continues to assert service defense
as Defendant is "not competent to accept service," won't respond re
medical treatment or medications, unable to say how the accident
happened or whether he talked to anyone at the scene. Vehicle was
totaled, was on his way to get a tree limb removed from the
undercarriage at the time of the accident.

filed 2020-04-24, service on Defendant by Fenrir 2020-05-05, service on
UM 2020-05-04

Answer by Wallace McDonald 2020-06-04, with service defense. Get
alexandra_bowen@staffdefense.com to withdraw. Liability denied.

Evaluation Deborah Clark DOL: 04/25/18 DOB: 04/28/97 (20 years old)

Cincinnati Insurance $100K BI limit UM -- Central Insurance - $250K
Add-on

Facts/Liability: Client was traveling south on McEver Road approaching
its intersection with Hilldale Road. TF was west on Hilldale Road and
stopped at the stop sign but proceeded to enter the roadway directly in
the path of client's 2013 Dodge Challenger.

Both vehicles had to be towed from the scene.\\
No injuries c/o at the scene.

Oakwood PD: TF was cited for failure to yield.

Medical/treatment

Initial treatment chiro 6 sessions and discharged. Six month gap. NEGMC
01/03/19 disc bulge, treated meds and refer to neurosurgeon. Has
herniation but also has disc dessication. She is young but is morbidly
obese.

$27,523 medical as of 2020-04, will go up as records come in and with
continuing treatment. Claims lost wage but provides no support. Last
offer $8,000, adjuster claims unrelated. PJI with demand
