_Paula Tillery Cowart v. Marcus Demond Stanford_, State Court of Fayette County, 2019SV-0385 J. Jason B. Thompson, Janice Wallace, Billy Fawcett. Admission of liabilty, USAA tendered and paid 25,000, UM has 50k "Difference in Limits" (="reduced by" per policy language) (25k per Janice) $38,148.22 medical as of late 2019. Low back, preexisting, client has seizure disorder.

2020-08-28 tcw court Janice Wallace, SKL, PDM, Billy Fawcett, J.
Thompson; told ocn client doesn't want to sign the agreement before
judge joined, told judge planning to withdraw; if we don't withdraw then
we will try the case, ready for trial. Calendar it while we're all still
in the case. November calendars are full and not even confident we'll
have any trials then. January, then March. Will put it on January
calendar for trial the week of Jan 25, will send out scheduling order.
MIL and request to charge by 20th, Friday before review and be ready to
talk Monday before trial. Pretrial conference December 14, but excused
if PTO prior. December 15 to argue motions, Mediation deadline will be
December 11, report to court within ten days of mediation.


/Notes/

DOL 2017-07-27, filed 2017-07-26, served UM 2019-07-31, served D
2019-08-06 (no copy but it was filed)

Answer filed 2019-09-05 by Marshall Sims, no concerning defenses, admit
liability. Janice Wallace answered for State Farm 2019-08-26 with
service defenses they will withdraw upon answer from named defendant.

Medical index says 38,128.42 on 2020-03-13, no idea how current that is.

Discovery reviewed, no 6.4

Client is a nurse with training in litigation support nursing. Worked
for Georgia Power as a nurse 2006-14.

Prior to that South Fulton Medical Center, coordinator of quality
management (peer review committees for physicians). RISK MANAGEMENT

Misdiagnosis of status epilepticus in 2012, delayed emergency room
treatment, but not able to continue working.

Keeps talking about failure to diagnosis but has trouble articulating
permanent impairment. Ultimately talks about memory issues, PTSD,
narcolepsy, depression. Later diagnosis with juvenile myoclonic [sp?]
epilepsy.

Keeps going on about failure to diagnosis. Prior dx was seizure disorder
that seemed to be related to sleep disorder. Lots of seizure history,
she wants to talk about this forever. Not a lot of seizures, never
interfered with her license because always over a year without an
incident.

Medical review:

Academy Ortho and Spine - not sure we have complete records, starts
2017-08-04 with reference to lack of improvement over prior visits. CT
treatment for back stuff that is clearly preexisting.

Trinity Wellstar - 6k in billing with no records produced a/o
2020-03-13, we do have some to produce

Wellstar Windy Hill 11,139 in records we don't have?

Midtown Neuro did injections, but it all looks preexisting

The rest is chiro, PT, and acupuncture

LI tendered and paid

STANFORD DEPOSITION

This is the deposition of MARCUS STANFORD, taken pursuant to notice and
agreement of counsel under the Georgia Civil Practice Act for purpose of
discovery and all other purposes allowable by law. My understanding is
that we will be reserving objections, except to the form of the question
and responsiveness of the answer, until the first lawful use of the
deposition, is that agreeable? Would you like to put something on the
record about signature?

Swear

Mr STANFORD, my name is Paul Menair, I'm an attorney with Steven Leibel
PC and I represent MS. COWART in the lawsuit against you.

Have you ever given sworn testimony before?

I am going to ask you a series of questions. You are under oath. Do you
understand what it means to be under oath?

The court reporter will be trying to make a written transcript of what
we say here today, and it helps her if we try not to talk over each
other, okay?

Please let me know if I interrupt you before you're finished, or if you
don't understand a question, otherwise I will assume that you understood
the question and gave me a complete response. Is that fair?

Please also try and keep in mind that the usual noises and hand signals
and head nods that people use to communicate with don't translate very
will into writing, alright?

I am happy to take a break at any time you like, but if there's a
question on the table I will ask you to answer it before you leave the
room, fair enough?

Can you state your full name for the record.

Have you ever gone by any other names?

What is your date of birth?

Would you tell me your social security number off the record?

Do you have a current driver's license?

WOULD YOU MIND PROVIDING ME WITH A COPY?

Restrictions?

Have you taken any medication today, or drunk any alcohol, or done
anything else that might affect your ability to give accurate and
truthful testimony?

Without telling me what was said, did you meet with your lawyer to
prepare for today's deposition? Did you review any documents?

What was your cell phone number on July 27, 2017?

What carrier?

Was it your name on the account, or someone else?

Did you have that phone with you at the time of the accident?

What kind of phone is it?

Were you using it?

What addresses have you lived in during the past ten years?

At the time of the accident?

Are you married?

Prior marriages?

Do you have any children? (names ages schools working)

Spouses' children?

Children in County?

Places of employment of all emancipated children

Other relatives in County?

Do you attend any religious institutions in County?

Belong to any social clubs? Political groups, non-profits or charities?
Anyplace you might meet people and develop friendships outside of work.

Any secondary addresses? Explain.

Place of Birth

Are you registered to vote?

Do you have any hobbies

Do you play any sports

Where did you go to high school?

College?

Post graduate?

Certificates, licenses, etc.

Have you ever served in any branch of the service, whether active duty
or reserves {branch, dates of service, duties, type of discharge, rank
at time of discharge, member of any military organizations}

Current employment? position duties dates supervisor

Before that?

Where were you working at the time of the accident?

Have you ever had a job that required driving? Supervisor?

Have you ever sued anyone? Been sued, other than this case?

Ever testify in court?

Have you ever been convicted or pled guilty to a crime?

Ever get a speeding ticket or other moving violation?

Ever been arrested?

Ever gone through bankruptcy?

Have you ever been in an accident before? Since? (when where what
injury)

Describe prior automobile accidents by dates, location, circumstances

Who was at fault for each?

Was lawsuit filed?

Was personal injury involved in each -- if so, describe injuries

Was property damage involved in each -- if so, describe

Have you had any automobile accidents SINCE this wreck?

Ever filed claim for any type of personal injury?

Let's talk about the accident with Mrs.Â Cowart.

Tell me how the accident happened?

Do you remember what day of the week it was?

Where were you driving to that day? From?

What were you doing?

Was there anyone with you?

Do you recall the time of day?

What was the weather like?

Had you worked that day?

Were you familiar with the road? Travel it frequently?

Had you taken any medications that day? How about the day before?

Had you had anything to drink that day? Day before?

Were you sick that day?

Do you have any chronic medical conditions that you receive treatment
for?

Diseases previously suffered from and when

Illnesses suffered at time of wreck

Doctors treating illnesses

Describe any injuries from wreck

Doctors treating injuries

Previous injuries which were re-injured in wreck

How much sleep did you get the night before?

What were you doing the night before? Where?

Who is your primary care physician? Location? Practice name?

Do you ever wear glasses or contacts? How often? Distance? Reading?

Do you know what the prescription is? Who is your eye doctor? Where do
you buy glasses? Name location.

When was your last eye exam? When did you last get new glasses or
contacts?

Were you wearing glasses or contacts at the time of the accident?

Should you have been?

Do you have any problems with light sensitivity, color blindness or
"night-blindness"?

If so, what doctor treats or treated these conditions

Do you wear prescription dark glasses or lenses

If so, were you wearing dark glasses at time of wreck

Peripheral vision

Any difficulty in judging depth

What is your hearing condition

Do you wear hearing devices

Date of most recent hearing examination or test

Name of doctor administering test/examination

Describe medications taken, identify prescriber (doctor) name/address,
reason for, and dosage taken for 24 hours prior to and up to time of
wreck

Were you well rested? Sick in any way?

Anything that would have impaired your reflexes or your judgment?

Were you upset about anything?

What was the weather like?

Roads dry?

Were you doing anything other than driving at the time of the accident?

Do you smoke? Were you smoking? Eating?

Was there any kind of mechanical problem with your car?

Did anything obscure your vision in any way that contributed to the
accident?

Was your car damaged? How?

Did you get it repaired? How much did the repair cost?

Are you familiar with the area?

How often to you drive that route?

Do you pay particular attention to anything when in that general
vicinity?

Did you have knowledge of any dangers or dangerous conditions in the
area of the wreck?

Do you know the posted speed limit?

What was your speed?

Describe the intersection (or immediate area)

What was your distance from the Plaintiff just prior?

When did you first notice my client?

Were there any roadside hazards noticeable?

Was it a divided highway?

What was the road surface?

Wet or dry?

What were weather conditions?

Were there signal lights or a stop sign? {functioning, visibility,
distance}

Had it been raining or was it raining at time

Was the sun shining or was the sky cloudy, hazy

Streetlights in area if at night

What were lighting conditions?

Describe non-functioning equipment in your vehicle

Any repairs to your vehicle during the year prior to the accident?

What repairs have been made to your vehicle since the wreck which were
wreck-related

What repairs have been made to your vehicle since the wreck which were
NOT wreck-related?

Were your headlights working at time of wreck?

Were your headlights in use at time of wreck?

Was your horn in working order at time of wreck?

Did you use your horn in the wreck?

Were your signal indicators and lights working at the time of the wreck?

Did you use your signal indicators and lights?

Describe your starting time, destination, stops made, route taken prior
to the wreck

Describe the amount of traffic on the road at the time of the wreck

What time did the wreck occur?

What direction were you headed?

Where you engaged in any activity on behalf of a business or other
individual?

Name, age and address of other occupants

Injuries of other occupants

Purpose of passengers being in your vehicle

Rushing to appointed destination?

Conversations within automobile prior to wreck

Each passenger's location within vehicle

Did any passenger interfere with your ability to drive or to pay
attention

Were seat belts or other restraints in operative order

Were seat belts used by all passengers and driver

Did any passenger complain about the manner in which you were operating
vehicle?

What conversations did you engage in immediately after the wreck and
with whom?

What conversations did you overhear at the scene and by whom?

Describe your conduct and actions taken from the time you first saw the
Plaintiff's vehicle until impact.

Did you accelerate or decelerate just prior to impact?

Did you change your course just prior to impact?

Did you shift just prior to impact? What gear?

Did you move forward or in reverse just prior to impact

Did you brake before, during or after impact

Did you change lanes just prior to impact

Did you turn just prior to impact -- in what direction?

Did you cross the intersection just prior to impact

Did you merge in traffic just prior to impact

What are the reasons for the foregoing actions and conduct

If you applied brakes just prior to impact, did your brakes grab or pull
from side to side?

If so, to which side

Did your brakes drag

Did you experience soft, spongy pedal action

Did the brakes hold

What was your distance from the collision when you applied brakes

What was the immediate result of your application of brakes

Did your vehicle leave skid marks

Estimation of length of skid marks

Did any other vehicle leave skid marks

Estimation of length of skid marks

After you stopped following impact what was your vehicle's position?

What direction was each vehicle involved in the collision facing after
impact?

Were any of the involved vehicles touching? If so, which vehicles and
describe contact

Was the radio on?

Were you adjusting the controls prior to wreck?

How would you describe impact

Did you air bag deploy?

Did you observe skid marks at scene?

Describe damage to plaintiff's car

How far did vehicles travel after impact?

What did you do immediately after the impact?

Did you leave the scene of the accident?

Why?

Where did you go?

How did you find out about the accident?

Were you cited for leaving the scene? Hit and run?

Did you receive any citations?

What happened with those?

Were you in fact guilty of the violations alleged in the citations?

Hit and run? Failure to maintain lane/wrong side of the road?

You admit you caused the accident, correct?

Vehicle license number

Number of years licensed to operate vehicles

Any suspensions or revocation of your driving privileges?

If so, when and why

Describe previous driving experience (i.e., driver education, special
courses, driving schools, and when first obtained license to drive

Who was the owner of the vehicle that you were driving?

What relationship?

How long had you been driving this vehicle?

{Were you just borrowing it for the day, or was it what you regularly
drove?}

Was it an automatic transmission? Is that what you ordinarily drive?

What happened after the impact? Did you skid?

Were you able to get out?

Did your airbags deploy?

Were you wearing a seatbelt?

Who did you talk to? What did you say?

Did you talk to Mr.Â Duckworth? Offer to assist him?

Did you overhear anyone talking at the accident scene?

Did you call anyone? What did you say?

Who called the police?

How long did you wait for the police?

Did you know the officer who responded? Any of the people at the scene?

Did you talk to any officer? What did you say?

How long were you at the scene?

Did an ambulance come?

Were you injured in the accident? How? How treated?

Were there any witnesses to the accident?

How did you get home? Was your vehicle towed?

Have you spoken to my client since the accident?

Who have you talked to about the accident, other than your lawyer?

Do you think my client is at fault in the accident in any way?

Do you think he could have avoided it?

Do you know anything about my client's injuries, other than through your
lawyer?

Have you put anything in writing about the accident, like in a diary or
on social media?

Did you take any pictures or video? Witness anyone taking pictures or
video?

{photos}

Other than your lawyer and your immediate family and friends, did you
talk to anyone about the accident afterwards?

Did you notify your insurance company?

Did you give any statements to any insurance company? Speak with an
adjuster?

Did you file a claim?

Anything we haven't talked about that you will want the jury to know
about at trial?
