_Cassandra V. Lloyd-Dacus v. Jim Ellis Volkswagen, Inc._ State Court of Fulton County, 18EV004509 J. Fred C. Eady, Jay Barber, Janis Spillers; waiting on decision on msj, amend caption in PTO, offer of settlement 35k served 2020-05-21; MIL filed. Total medicals $31,902.52, we got 50k from the driver LI.

2020-08-03 trial month CANCELLED - SKL to call police officer, Abigail

offer of settlement 35k served 2020-05-21

COURTESY COPIES OF ALL MOTIONS TO CHAMBERS

x MIL and objections to depositions dl 4-01, must MEET AND CONFER,
object to photographs and amount of settlement with Barnes defendants

Discovery is over per CMO!

SKL is settling with the Barnes family, 50k, then we go after Ellis.
We've talked about not doing any depositions. No experts per SKL.

Discovery dl 2019-09-30, experts by 2019-06-30. No expert per skl. Need
to ID friends and family witnesses.

Discovery dl 2019-09-30, amendments by 2019-09-20, experts by
2019-06-30, to be deposed by 2019-07-30, defense experts by 2019-08-15,
rebuttal experts by ten days after last defense deposition, available 30
days thereafter. All witnesses identified by 15 days after close of
discovery. Mediate by 20 days after close. Motions within 30 days of
event and not later than 2019-08-30 (this is a mistake), Daubert by
2019-10-30, MIL 12-30, trial in March of 2020.

DOL 2016-11-16 Total medicals $31,902.52. Client went to North Fulton
Hospital for low back pain. She was diagnosed with a lumbar sprain. She
then went to Dominion Orthopaedics for neck and low back pain where she
was diagnosed with thoracic strain, lumbar strain, cervical sprain, disc
herniation at C4-5 and a disc bulge at C5-C6. Still in neck pain, needs
to treat.

Rear end - Defendant driver not cited because she had a documented brake
issue she'd attempted to fix. LI: Travelers Insurance 100/300. Last
offer was $50,000; LI has $100,000, no UM, Jim Ellis won't pay.
$31,902.52 medical, no lost wage. All soft tissue, Ortho records full of
"no acute findings"; some disc issues assessed as degenerative by
Dominion. Looks like she had one trigger point injection but mostly
treated with home exercise and muscle relaxants. Reports to us still in
pain but not treating due to insurance issues. Started treatment (PT)
again in June.

Answer from Barnes defendants denying liability filed 2018-11-02, no
concerning defenses, Josanne Celestine, PO Box 2903 Hartford, CT
06104-2903, 678-317-7127. Answer from Jim Ellis filed 2018-11-01, no
concerning defenses, denies venue as to self and knowledge, Jay M.
Barber, Litchfield Cavo LLP 1300 Parkwood Circle SE Suite 170, Atlanta,
GA 30339. 770-628-7111 barber@litchfieldcavo.com. See also Janis H.
Spillers (formerly Daniel P. Hendrix)

Discovery responses from Jim Ellis - identifies Rosana Narvaez-Shuc
(service advisor) and German Soto (service technician) as individuals
with knowledge, employees. They have $500,000 in coverage. No response
to contention discovery. They say their guy did routine service and
found no issues. Documents produced.

Discovery responses from Barnes - Barnes says not aware of any brake
problem prior to the accident, showed receipt to show the vehicle had
been serviced. Father punted the questions about other legal actions and
crimes. They have no proof of a brake problem other than the invoice for
service. Lot's of will supplement in the father's responses, I told her
to supplement prior to the deposition.
