Initially associate was Kathryn Shealy by notice of appearance, since withdraw per substitution of Christopher Sue-Min Lee. Supplement identifies Bruce Kofke (the realtor) as additional to the person at Vacasa, the builder, and the inspectors. The builder has nothing. PJI was sent 2019-12-31.

Tom Wright is rebuttal only. I discussed with SKL the consortium issue and we decided to wait; Court would probably not grant leave under the good cause standard. See rss discussion in notes.

Per Rhyder untreated aneurysm, could have caused fall. Headache? Pattern of blood classic for aneurysm, distinct, in addition to the trauma, if she had to guess that's what happened here. Post settlement discovery conference was 12/9. Response to msj filed 12/13.

---



Call with Litsky 2021-06-18

Inappropriate for a lady like that to be at the top of a staircase.

Can't be very helpful on the Plaintiff's side, talked to an ergonomics guy, if it meets code when it's built may have been grandfathered. Her responsibility not to put herself in that situation. 

---

Are there similarities between what's in the International Building Code and the International Residential Code?

How are they similar, different?

Do the details change much, as far as the types of detail we're talking about?

Jane or Jene?

Photographs only. Permission to visit?

Have you been involved in county government?

Are you generally familiar with what the ordinances that Georgia counties use to adopt construction codes look like?

# Betty Denson v. Donald Gerteisen and Linda Gerteisen

OFF RECORD
SSN 407622642
090363224

---

service, review by Davina, SKL to talk to Litsky

policy limits demand?

2020-10-08 SOL

--------------

Elderly, out of state witnesses, COVID, holiday season -- 8 months

SKL wants to know if there's excess

Problems in the knee before she fell, knee replacement both knees, no
neuro prior to the fall. Decatur AL. Dr.Â Tapscott.

Headaches on left side. Had to learn how to read and tell time, arm
shakes real bad, hard to write name. Stopped doing therapy but still
does the exercises.

Had gone up the stairs, first time, was coming back down, holding left
side, no step for her to step on. Kidney is pre-existing, goes to kidney
doc once a year.

Evaluation Betty Denson DOL: 10/08/18 DOB: 10/05/1940 (78)

Accident Location: 515 Two Johns Way, Sautee, Nacoochee, GA 30571 TF
Residence:\\
Client Residence:

Facts/Liability: Fell down stairs in rental home. It appears the home
was built in 1997. The 1997 Uniform Building Code Section 1003.3.3.8.2
states: "Winding stairways may be used if the required width of run is
provided at a point not more than 12 inches (305 mm) from the side of
the stairway where the treads are narrower, but in no case shall the
width of run be less than 6 inches (152 mm) at any point." It should be
noted that this home was sold 10/31/18, immediately after the fall. It
may be difficult to obtain access and changes may have been made to the
home at this point.

Medical/treatment

10/08/18 NEGMC Trauma ICU, Subdural hematoma, scalp laceration,
subarachnoid bleed, acute kidney injury, acute respiratory failure
following trauma and surgery, paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.

Ground level fall attempting to walk down stairs when she missed a step
and fell forward hitting her head upon impact. Obvious large hematoma to
the top of the head. Denies LOC.

Kindred Home Health: Headaches, dizziness, hallucination.

Communication and cognitive deficits, PT

Medical $143,282

Evaluation: Based on the limited medical records we have...I assume she
was treating in Alabama with a neurologist as well as her primary care
provider. We are going to need these records, however, I cannot tell who
these providers are. The injury is significant and she had cognitive
issues after discharge that are directly related to the head injury.

Settlement Value - $300,000 - $500,000 FULL VALUE Liability
apportionment: 50-75% on the homeowner ($150K - $375K). Argument is she
had traversed the steps to get up the stairs already. The steps were
open and obvious.

[] file certificate of interested parties

2020-10-25 ld to file mtn to remand, JPPR, initial disclosures; fd of
discovery
