[[FCSO-General]]

#FCSO

You asked me what FCSO should do about a fentanyl contaminated motor
vehicle. Some states have enacted special statutes regarding disposition
of drug contaminated property; Georgia does not appear to be one of
them.

OCGA 17-5-54 governs "disposition of personal property in custody of law
enforcement." Per OCGA 17-5-54(b)(3), the code section does not apply to
"[a]ny abandoned motor vehicle for which the provisions of Chapter 11 of
Title 40 are applicable." However, OCGA 40-11-11 et seq. appears to be
focused on vehicles that were abandoned in public places and towed by
private entities at the request of law enforcement.

Under OCGA 17-5-54(f), "with respect to any motor vehicle which is the
subject of a crime or has been abandoned but which is not the subject of
any civil forfeiture proceeding, the law enforcement agency shall be
required to contact [GCIC] to determine if such motor vehicle has been
stolen and to follow generally the procedures of Code Section 40-11-2 to
ascertain the registered owner of such vehicle." I assume this was done,
if not it should be, and it we should probably rerun GCIC and DOR. OCGA
40-11-2 has been repealed, by the way.

OCGA 17-5-54(e) provides for application to the superior court for an
order authorizing the agency to retain, discard, or sell the property.
There are specific provisions for how to conduct sales, but my
understanding is that what is desired here is an order to discard.

"For any unclaimed personal property that is not a firearm, the sheriff,
chief of police, or other executive officer of a law enforcement agency
shall make application to the superior court for an order to retain,
sell, or discard such property. In the application the officer shall
state each item of personal property to be retained, sold, or
discarded....Upon the superior court's granting an order which
authorizes that the property be discarded, the law enforcement agency
shall dispose of the property as other salvage or nonserviceable
equipment."

Proposed Superior Court Petition

IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF FORSYTH COUNTY STATE OF GEORGIA

IN RE: Seized Property Described Herein

APPLICATION TO DISCARD PROPERTY

COMES NOW Captain Nick Curry, of the Forsyth County Sheriff's Office
(FCSO), and hereby makes application to the Superior Court of Forsyth
County pursuant to OCGA § 17-4-54 for an order to dispose of certain
personal property, as listed below, in the custody of FCSO. Said
property, specifically a motor vehicle described as a 2009 Saturn Aura,
VIN 1G8ZV57B99F119070, and its contents, were and are contaminated with
fentanyl residue; said property was seized in the course of duty as
provided by law. The owner of record of said vehicle pursuant to a
search of the records of the Georgia Department of Revenue, Anthony
Michael Viadero, is deceased. Pursuant to OCGA § 17-4-54(f), a search of
the records of the Georgia Crime Information Center has also been
conducted, and the vehicle is not reported as stolen. Correspondence was
sent July 24, 2020, to the natural guardian of the person who is
believed to be the sole heir of Mr. Viadero, requesting permission to
destroy the vehicle, and no response has been received as of the date of
this petition. See attached, Exhibit A.

WHEREFORE, Petitioner respectfully prays that the Court enter an order
to permit FCSO to dispose of the property described herein.

VERIFICATION

STATE OF GEORGIA COUNTY OF FORSYTH

PERSONALLY APPEARED before the undersigned officer, duly authorized by
law to administer oaths, Captain Nick Curry, Forsyth County Sheriff's
Office, who, upon being sworn, states that he has read the foregoing
Application to Discard Property, and that the information contained
therein is known to him to be true and correct.

ORDER FOR DISPOSAL OF PROPERTY

It appearing to the Court that the property at issue in the above
captioned matter, specifically a 2009 Saturn Aura, VIN
1G8ZV57B99F119070, and its contents, has been abandoned and is
contaminated by fentanyl residue, pursuant to OCGA § 17-4-54, the
Forsyth County Sheriff's Office is authorized to dispose of or discard
said property.

SO ORDERED,,,
