FCSO-Franklin

#Active

2020-08-13 hearing 2020-09-13 dl for decision

2020-03-16 2nd Int Deputy Franklin - Bad file playable through VLC, new
Garrity, duplicate allegations -- 6:30 prefilled admission (then allege
against Hamrick, he covered buses for Hamrick, claims Hamrick may have
thought he was going to find someone to cover the parents but that was
inappropriate) -- 10:20-11:00 admission again, "annoying as crap" --
51:30 not going Signal 90 because running late -- 54:00 Medford prefill
again

2020-04-02 dismissal hearing Sanford, Densmore, Franklin, HR (not
Carson) -- 3:00 "I will pay back the money" -- appeal details around
19:00

2020-03-13 1st Interview 7:30 ever viewed pornography in your patrol
car, admit "may have" looked on personal phone almost immediately, but
don't recall; 16:45 call re person with a gun, "I don't think that it
was anywhere near me" 17:45 did not punch out for a meal 18:15 don't
remember if in assigned area 24: 24:20-25:05 regular patrol "shopping
centers, neighborhoods" 34:00 Disney+ 37:00 Alexis Matthews, admits to
affair 39:40 inappropriate for a government phone (yes) - admits use of
county phone with intent to conceal from wife 40:30-48:00 child porn
51:00 in investigation of sex crimes -- maybe some more admissions at
the end... 1:11:00 try to hide from wife

--------------

Without limitation, the data contained on the phone may include the home
telephone numbers of public employees, including teachers and sworn law
enforcement officers, as well as identification of immediate family or
dependents. OCGA 50-18-72(a)(21). The phone may also contain law
enforcement records concerning juveniles excluded from open records
pursuant to OCGA ยง 15-11-708. The phone also generally contains private
or sensitive material not of any public interest. OCGA 50-18-72(a)(2).
The phone also may contain information relating to open investigations
or pending prosecutions. OCGA ยง 5-18-72(a)(4). The phone also appears to
contain bank account information and what may be unlisted or cellular
telephone numbers and email addresses. OCGA 50-18-72(a)(20)(A).
Redacting the phone data would involve a very significant investment of
time, effort, and research, which we estimate as follows:

Because much of the material on the phone is likely of limited interest,
we would appreciate if you would consider limiting the scope of your
request.

TALK TO STEVE ABOUT PHONE

The evidence will show that the video begins at about 8p on January 2,
2020; to convert from Zulu time to Eastern Daylight time you subtract 4
hours from the timestamp on the video. 00:05:51Z--00:12:00Z he is
visiting friends at a private residence 00:12:00Z---00:17:23Z he drives
to a shopping center parking lot 00:17:24Z--00:42:39Z he sits in his
patrol vehicle watching "Return of the Jedi" 00:42:39Z--01:55:20Z
"Return of the Jedi" ends and he starts watching "The Force Awakens";
although he occasionally pauses to check email or his in car
communication system, he watches the movie more or less continuously,
including periods of time when he is driving in shopping center parking
lots and on roads 01:55:20Z---01:58:44Z he drives to a shopping center
parking lot 01:58:44Z--02:06:20 he meets with a woman who is not his
wife; she brings him food and they have a personal conversation about a
variety of topics, including the Star Wars movies; he shows her the
video in his patrol vehicle, tells her he's been watching all of the
movies, and then uses his County issued laptop to look up movie times
02:02:00Z---02:06:20 02:06:20---02:07:20 he goes back on patrol
02:07:20---02:26:51Z personal phone call with his wife in his vehicle,
while driving, where he talks about going to see the new Star Wars movie
with "Alex"; he tells her "Alex" is a man. 02:26:51Z---02:27:51Z he sits
in the car 02:27:51Z---02:39:25ZZ phone call from girl who was underage
and had revenge porn video put online, wants to sue. He asks what the
website was and advises her to get a lawyer; he tells her how to make a
report, but she's the one who initiates that conversation. He advises
her to talk to Jeff Roe. Towards the end they make fun of him for not
working and just watching Star Wars. 02:39:25Z--03:05:51 He immediately
looks up the porn site on his phone; pornography is visible in the body
cam video and he is sitting in a shopping mall parking lot.
03:05:51--03:20:00 He puts the phone away and goes back to watching Star
Wars. 03:20:00--0339:00: he has a sexually explicit telephone
conversation with "Alex" in which he presses her for more detail about
how to locate the revenge porn under the pretense that he is
investigating the matter and talks about sexually explicit video of
"Alex" that he has on his phone. 03:39:00-end: fucking old lady Pirkle,
talks about not wanting to do his job, complains about supervision,
doesn't want to be a "traffic Nazi," will only answer calls (03:43:30),
conversation returns to personal

Garrison

The initial complaints and the referral to IA. Chain of command at
schools. How does the traffic duty work? Are they supposed to report to
dispatch (Signal 90) How much paid? Does everyone fill out their
timesheets this way? Were there times when it was specifically requested
to turn in ahead of time? What would you do if you were overpaid? Road
duty. Chain of command for road duty. What are they supposed to be doing
on road patrol?

Kate

{I think we decided that what we were going to get from her is just
legal opinions we can argue ourselves in close. She didn't actually
process open records on this, so anything we ask her would be
hypothetical; I think she could qualify as an expert, but again, I think
it's really just a legal conclusion as to whether it's subject to open
records.}

Pirkle

Take sting on the report of bodycam porn --> Did you specifically ask
him whether there was a violation of law? {yes} Did he tell you he was
talking about child porn? How would you have instructed Franklin to
respond to a report about child pornography? Was Franklin an appropriate
person to investigate alleged child pornography? Is a patrol car an
appropriate place? How did complaints about Franklin come to your
attention? How were your deputies supposed to keep track of time? Are
they supposed to go Signal 90 during traffic duty? Even though they are
working for the school board? Why is that important? What were his
duties on the road? Okay to watch Star Wars?

Silveus

We talked to him about chain of command and road duties

Densmore

She's basically the interface between OPS and the Chief.

My current exhibit list for Marty is:

SO1 Findings signed Franklin.pdf SO2 AXON_Body_2_Video_2020-01-02_1906
UNREDACTED.mp4 SO2A Kitchen.mp4 SO2B Star Wars.mp4 SO2C Date for Star
Wars.mp4 SO2D Movie Times.mp4 SO2E Time with Friends.mp4 SO2F Jeff
Roe.mp4 SO2G Watch Star Wars.mp4 SO2H Pornography.mp4 SO2I Phone Sex.mp4
SO2J Pirkle.mp4 SO3 Texts SO4 Images SO5 tempVideo0.MOV SO6 Int Deputy
Todd Franklin.MP3 SO6A Admit Inappropriate Texts.mp3 SO7 2nd Int Deputy
Franklin.MP3 SO7A Admit Prefill Timesheets.m4a

If none of it comes in under Kautz for whatever reason I'll just go over
his findings and hand it over to you; we can go over the timesheets with
Pirkle if you want, and we can call Franklin and cross him and use the
recordings to impeach, if it comes to that. But let me know what you
want to have as far as exhibits are concerned so I can have it ready.
