/Deborah Gallagher and Delaney Gallagher v. Dana Thorn, State Court of
Hall County J. John Breakfield/


2020-09-10 deposition of both plaintiffs 2021-01-12 discovery dl per
requested stipulation, we tried to unilaterally stip to the trial
calendar but Walker claims that doesn't work.

[-->] FF witnesses fu, not identified

[#'s from Delaney, make changes in both]

SOL 2020-04-09 [Tolled through April 13] CITATION TOLL 2020-07-24 SEOS
State Farm 2020-04-02, UM answer raises service defense, Hall County is
not serving civil process for duration of emergency. Defendants served
2020-05-06 by Fenrir, look for their answer 2020-06-08 and then get UM
to withdraw defense. --> discovery responses, then depos

per answer and RFAs liability admitted

Rear end with admitted phone involvement. DOL 2020-04-09 LI (Allstate)
30/85 UM (State Farm) 25/50 reduced by. Allstate offered below meds
($11,936) on a 23 y/o (Delaney) with disc bulges at three levels and rib
fracture. No offer on Deborah. Property damage paid $4,715. Delaney
Medical $15,645.75, Delaney said she had lost wages but never sent
support, quit waitressing job. Deborah Medical $28,006.89. Both clients
have liens, lots of chiro. Per CS Delaney is worth 20-30, Deborah 30-45.
Decent case despite the overtreating, maybe fast track to trial. Delaney
back pain impacts work. New ankle pain.

2020-09-10 Depositions

Deborah: Unable to say what part of her neck hurts; Dr. Todd stuff
didn't help her much; she treated a lot but didn't get much relief. May
have treated after September when we last provided records. No real
improvement in any part of her body. Dr. Jesse? [BW]-Need to update
medical. Spurs, sprain, plantar fasciitis. Foot, neck, back, never
resolved in time. Pain moved from right to left foot, problems with
circulation in hands, this sounds crazy. Dr. Todd is the only person she
sees, she relates circulation issue in hands, Dr. Todd says it's related
to her neck issue. Hands go numb, pain. Wearing a boot but it doesn't
help. No current prognosis. Overtreatment issue has become a lack of
treatment issue. Prior accident with neck injury, went to trial, verdict
in her favor. Single visit to Goshn? She didn't have cash for x-rays, we
don't have those records. Relation plantar fasc to wreck? Dr. Toby prior
chiro prior to the wreck. [BW]-Find Dr. Toby and any other prior
treating. Coverage issues re UM, policy was Delaney's? Saw Dr. Toby
prior "because I like to keep myself in check"? Pain in her neck at
deposition was 8, back as 7, right foot was 8, hand was 10. She doesn't
seem to be in much pain at all. Delaney has "rib issues" that cause neck
and back to hurt.

Delaney: Panic attack at the scene. Rib, chest, lower back, neck.
Treatment was a "bandaid." Dr. Todd shows last visit December 2018, not
last six months. No improvement. Rib pain, not sure how that didn't
resolve. Treatment did not help her, was painful. Admits no prior pain
ever, no history. No treatment since 2018 but "looking." Rib pain
continues, to the point where she can't walk dogs, play with nieces and
nephews. [BW]-need to call FF witnesses? Pain is constant, no day is
better than others, 8/10 pain. Rib pain is the only one that comes and
goes, that's daily but comes later in the day. Painful tingling in leg.
Looking for a PCP. Had some pain meds but no one ever rx'ed anything
else for her 8/10 pain. The dog walk thing doesn't really make sense,
she's terrible. They are going to contact her manager at the restaurant,
she has issues with that story. Her lost wages is a mess.

--------------

"I spoke with the allstate adjuster yesterday and she said that the
reason they never have made an offer on Deborah is that they never got
the chiro recs and bills

She said we attempted to send them but they couldnt open them so they
were never able to complete the evaluation

Then she said that the last offer of $11,936.00 was still good for
Delaney

She said they reduced all the charges for reasonable and customary thats
why the offer is below "our" med special amount

I asked her to breakdown the charges and tell me exactly what they
reduced

Chestatee Hosp $9063 reduced to 6830 ER Phys 1233 reduced to 550
Radiology 576 not reduced chiro 3204.20 to 1725 Physical Therapy 1569 to
375.00

SO THE MEDS WENT FROM $15,645.20 TO $10,056.10

So thats only a little over $1000 for pain and suffering

She said they only were considering charges up until June 29th any
charges after that were "outside the expected recovery date"

She also said that they are considering this a "major impact" crash

SHE SAID SHE HAS ROOM TO MOVE ON DELANEY AND WANTS TO NEGOTIATE DEBORAH
SHE JUST NEEDS THOSE CHIRO RECS AND BILLS

BUT THEY SHOULD JUST BE PAYING THE POLICY LIMITS THEY ARE RIDICULOUS

I TOLD HER THAT I WOULD LET THE ATTORNEY KNOW ALL OF THIS INFORMATION
BUT THAT I WASN'T SURE THAT WE WERE GOING TO BE ABLE TO RESOLVE THIS ONE

DO I NEED TO SEND HER THE CHIRO BILLS AND RECS FOR DEBORAH OR DONT WORRY
ABOUT IT CUZ WE ARE FILING?"
