Dear Anna,

I enjoyed the opportunity to talk at my client's recent deposition. In view of the coming close of discovery, please supplement your clients' responses, including, without limitation, the following (paragraph number references are to the Aztec Stone interrogatories, but please supplement as to all defendants):

 1. Potential witnesses (see Interrogatory #1).
 2. Potential necessary parties (see Interrogatory #8).
 3. The legal and factual basis for your defense of contributory
    negligence as to "third parties" (see Interrogatory #35), specifically,
    but without limitation, identifying any parties with respect to whom
    you intend to allege non-party fault.
 4. Statements (see Interrogatory #12).
 5. Surveillance (see Interrogatory #14).
 
 As well as any other interrogatory responses that may have changed. Please also supplement your clients' document productions, including, without limitation, the following documents discussed at Mr. Monroy's deposition:
 
 1. Any drug or alcohol tests (p. 25-26), written report (p. 21) copy of medical card and eyeglass prescription (p. 13).
 
 As well as the following from Mr. Rojas' deposition:
 
 1. Any training syllabae and other materials, produced in house or from the broker, as well as the name of the broker used at the time of the accident (p. 22-23, 48-49).
 
Ava Hester Turner deposition

---

Mediation

Robert Luskin, his associate, and the adjuster attending for Ds, clients for us.

Luskin presentation: Monroy admits he was a cause of the collision. Language barrier involved. Contributory negligence will be an issue for the jury. But the ultimate issue will be extent of injuries and medical causation. They will attack venue and try to get All America out of the case. Good to try and settle now before we get into doctor depositions and so forth. Agree not a minimal impact. Modean had a lot of pre-existing conditions, including, especially mobility issues. 266k is a big number but we're in agreement about what Pl is likely to present. Definitely a pressure ulcer but also healing of the bones. Believe Northside treatment not directly related. Their number at this point is $98,885.66 but that's before their experts start picking through the details. Respiratory and cardio-pulmonary failure is the cause of death on the death certificate. 

Start at 100k, don't think it's a mid-point case. Lots of time between accident and death, documentation of improvement in mid-point, death certificate doesn't list secondary causes, prior history including broken bones and pneumonia. Some liability questions.

Went to 150k, 

[nb substitution still pending] /Ava Hester Turner, individually and as
Personal Representative of the Estate of Willie Modean Hester, Teresa
Hewatt, and Evondia Woessner v. Sergio Hernandez Monroy, Aztec Stone
Empire, Inc., and All America Insurance Company, State Court of DeKalb
County, J. Mike Jacobs/


fu re jxn defense, Luskin will fix but we have a fight re direct action;
written discovery done; fu and get UM to withdraw defenses or yarb
200,000 OFFER; did we respond to UM re Yarborough? SKL to talk to
officer? Steve wants to wait re experts

stayed per party deceased?




Get CSI on this wreck?

Houston, we have a problem. Gordon v. Gillespie, 135 Ga. App. 369 (Ga.
Ct. App. 1975); Braun v. Soldier of Fortune Magazine, 749 F. Supp. 1083
(M.D. Ala. 1990); Pollard v. Reid, 56 Ga. App. 594, 193 S.E. 370 (1937);
Lynn v. Wagstaff Motor Co., 126 Ga. App. 516, 191 S.E.2d 324 (1972).

-- Maybe a little bit of an open question as to whether all children
must join, but at the very least their coa is limited to their
individual share.

--------------

did we produce all of the photos/video

estate open, Invalid will.

Monroy Answer filed 2020-01-21, venue defense, no other concerning
defenses All America Answer filed 2020-01-21, venue and proper direct
action party defenses, no other concerning defenses Aztec Stone Answer
filed 2020-01-21 thorugh Robert Luskin, Goodman McGuffey LLP, venue
defense, no other concerning defenses Hartford answered 2020-01-31,
asserting all the defenses.

New Address: Lauren B. Bell, Esq. LAW OFFICES OF T. TAMARA GAULDIN 1050
Crown Pointe Parkway, Suite 550A Atlanta, GA 30338-7726

(All defendants claim right of setoff per Ornadorff v. Brown, 197 Ga.
App. 591 (1990).)

DOL 2017-12-12. Failure to yield. Right lower limb and right arm
fracture. Immobility --> acral decubitus ulcer. Pneumonia --> death.
Medical $266,449.49 (plus funeral).

Value per CS medical final bill 260k, 6mo P&S 250k-300k, loss of consort
250k-300k, value of life 100k-250k, settlement value 850k-1.2MM. SSA
life expectancy 90yr. Prior history arthritis, atrial fib, hypertension,
rheumatroid arth, total knee, hip and femur surgery, diabetes.

Demand to Central Insurance Company (Name wrong, actual coverage is All
America Insurance Company, a wholely owned stock affiliate of Central
Mutual Insurance Company; they are collectively known as Central
Insurance Companies) (adjuster Pam Godbee) 2MM 2018-12-11 No offer? LI
has 1MM, 2MM aggregate, vehicle is listed on policy. UM has $25,000 add
on (the Hartford).

All America Insurance Responses: Actual response to underwriting
question. No involvement in hiring. Denies jxn and venue, process
sufficient. Produced Hernandez's MVR report, which is pretty clear, plus
publicly available SMS data for carrier. No statements. Looks like some
risk management documents withheld for privilege. Admits that it insured
Aztec Stone, unable to admit or deny other necessary parties, so it's
pretty clear they are the proper party, even though apparently Central
Mutual adjusted it? See below.

Aztec Stone Responses: IDs appraisers for vehicle damages as potential
witnesses. Refuses to ID prior insurers and claims no policy documents
re prior insurance on file. Prior MVA litigation in Gwinnett County Jan
10, 2018 Ramona Rice v. Aztec Stone et al. Company policies produced.
Admits Monroy was employee. Safety Director was/is Daniel Rojas. Logs
attached. Claudia Torres, another employee, assisted with Rogs. No black
box. Punts on contention rogs. No industry orgs or trade publications.
HOS reg federal is 10hr off duty, 14hr duty, 11hr driving, 30min break,
60hr/7day, 70hr/8day. Monroy had 17 hr off duty, 11hr duty, 10.5
driving, 30min break, looks like plenty of time in the week. Load
delivered to 180 Pat Gooch Rd (residential construction?), payment in
cash, no load on the vehicle at time of accident, 12:48p. Driver was
coming off a break per log and had no load, so maybe he was shopping or
eating at the food court? Driver file with medical and training
produced. Handbook and phone policy documents produced. No audits. Did
not have title to the vehicle but they insured it?

Monroy's Responses: Gave recorded statement to Central Mutual Insurance
adjuster, not produced. Was tested, negative. Spoke with Safety Director
re incident. Claims he stopped at the sign, did not see Hester. Punts
contention rogs. Denies breach of duty "as pled," admits citation, bond
forfeiture.


