# Joshua Thomas Loftin v. Trina Ann Jones, William Martin Negley, and The Lumpkin County School District, Superior Court of Lumpkin County

Tags: In discovery, written discovery done.
Discovery runs 2020-04. $16,163.43 medical, young man with endocrine
issues following school bus accident.

mediation CANCELLED

Dr. Goodwin 2021-01-13 very reduced T. He should get an EMG test for the tingling. May have been no followup. Neuro commented on car wreck, mentioned pituitary problems, late enough for them to know that he didn't have a pituitary problem. Goodwin doesn't think it's a pituitary problem, endocronology is nuanced. Dr. has done a lot of training in hormone replacement. Hypothalamus is the boss, pituitary is the manager, testicles or ovaries are the factory workers. Patient with low T, could be factory issue, could be management, could be the CEO. First doctor client went to was a urologist, right after wreck, complaint low T. Labs showed T low, did good job of checking all of the thyroid labs and proteins that can "gobble up" T. Pituitary hormone was *a little* low in this first set of labs. LH and FSH. Boy also had a *lot* of estrogen, probably more than Dr. Goodwin does. First Dr. put on clomid and anastrazol (sp?) to increase the pituitary hormones. If patient gets good response to that Rx it suggests pituitary problem. Fat converts into estrogen. Next Dr. drew more labs. Some T replacement in interim. Suspected not pituitary first visit, stopped anastrozole [SE Endo] Second visit decreased clomid so we can see if pituitary is healing. Doesn't look like he followed up. "Primary hypogonadism" 

Only one visit to Dr. Arkin, definite diagnosis hypogonadism, rechecks pituitary hormones and they're just fine, T still low. Not sex hormone binding globulin. Thyroid good. "01-18-2018 no residual from head trauma...likely obesity contributing factor." Growth hormone normal, which would have been a possible complication of head trauma.

**Goodwin does not think head injury manifests in endocrine system. Problem that it's mentioned in the neuropsych?**

Do have some findings with the optometrist. Mild convergence. Eye doc too long after the fact? Vestibular ocular problems can initially manifest as headache. Neuroopthamalogist or neurooptometrist. Did he have vision therapy? Did it help? Notes inconsistent re headaches.

[ ] find out if he got the vision therapy

He got a March 2018 MRI -- brain normal. No narrowing in spine that would explain the tingling.

[ ] EMG / nerve conduction study

[ ] redo neuropsych with T replacement? mother doesn't want to supplement T, but obesity related endo problems are going to be the defense here.

[ ] per SKL --> VISION, WILL RECOMMEND T, DEFINITELY GET NEUROOPT

---


[ ] rss re state regulations, pp depos, review medical and crash video
prior to depos, GET CRASH VIDEO, update disovery re disability services,
grades, school accommodation, IEP, medical. Need experts (economist,
vocational rehab). Get Resurgens record. Get personnel file. Get and
review non-party documents. Police have inside the bus video? (MF) Ware
needs to treat (physiatrist), see Burns again. Friends and family? Offer
of settlement?

Ask Jones in her deposition about her NOT APPLICABLE policy, nb notice
to produce

NB electronic service on Worsham Corsi (Negley) via
GAEfile@Progressive.com only

/Notes/

Pleadings:

Negley through Savannah Bray, Worsham Corsi, 2019-10-09, no concerning
defenses

LCSD and Trina Jones through Hieu Nguyen, Harben Hartley, 2019-10-14,
sovereign immunity defense

GEICO through Daniel Manganiello, Andrews & Manganiello, 2019-10-24, no
concerning defenses

Discovery:

LCSD: Admit employee and course and scope. Will produce statements?
Produce policy. Will produce personnel file with protective order,
including driving history, but not including medical. Not aware of any
accidents. Punts on contention discovery.

Jones: "Defendant Jones states that the bus involved in the accident was
older than other buses that she has driven before and that it did not
come to a full stop as quickly as other buses she has driven but she is
not aware of any specific mechanical defect." "Defendant Jones states
that the vehicle in front of her, driven by Defendant Negley, tried to
come to a sudden stop and she tried to stop but hit his vehicle while it
was still coming to a stop. She believes his vehicle hit the vehicle in
front of it, in which Plaintiff was a passenger. Defendant Jones refers
Plaintiff to the police report. Defendant Jones further states that
inasmuch as discovery has just begun in this matter, she reserves the
right to supplement the response to this Interrogatory as the case
progresses." Spoke with "School District personnel (Kelly Jones, Lynn
White and Greg Trammell)" Mostly refers to LCSD responses.

Negley: Got hit by the bus first. 25/50 LI. Look at the interrogatory
regarding negligence of plaintiff in cases like this {11}. A few
documents produced.

Video:

Medical: $16,163.43, but it's a big future medical case because of
endocrine issues, concussion with LOC, cognitive disfunction, headaches.
Plenty of coverage. Northside records show thoracic strain. Imaging with
straightening but no other acute. Shoulder pain. Fu hypogonadism and
endocrine issues. PT. Need more careful review.

[[2020-04-21]] per client still having trouble focusing, still doing eye
therapy (convergence syndrome)

[[2020-05-11]] mtg with client
