James David Passmore v. David Wezley Scherschun, State Court of Forsyth County, 

malpractice sol [[2021-03-08]], per Friedman not a great case for
damages, DO NOT FILE - get deposition of neuro

NB substitution of R. Christopher Harrison for Calanit

New demand sent 2020-03-12.

Service email for WCSD is GAEfile@Progressive.com

[[2020-08-27]] > Haley, > My pain I experience is getting worse
everyday. I am still being treated by my PCP but will have to find a
different PCP after this Friday as she is leaving the practice. I am
planning on turning in the paperwork to Tge Good Shepard clinic next
week to see if I can get some help through them. After seeing the
functionality exam report, I don't know how I am supposed to go back to
work. The doctor that did the exam explained to me that I did not need
to work at The Home Depot because if I did I would definitely have worse
pain and possible more injuries to my neck and shoulders. I don't think
I can work at all because I have to lie down several times a day just to
help ease the pain I experience. I know I don't really want to file for
disability but right now I don't see any other option. Please let
Mr. Liebel know how I am doing and see if I can be advised on how to
continue."

Service on /D/ 2020-02-28, Answer 3030-03-20 through Calanit Amir,
Worsham Corsi, no concerning defenses. RFA answers also filed, they deny
liability.

Service on /UM/ State Farm 2020-02-27, Answer filed 2020-03-23 through
Paul Peterson III and Kevin Reardon, Waldo Adelman Castilla Hiestand &
Prout, service defenses and SOL re defendant.

LI is 50, progressive UM is 100 reduced by 50

Client had surgery, medical at $136,575.50, excess case.

Need review by ortho (Cabot?); Vocational expert, review meds; add
consortium, loss of income

Learn chop split Weed eat Stress and anxiety bills paid Bedroom life
zero Nurse than wife- months before and after surgery Had to bathe him
Toileted him Financially lost his job November 2019 laid off 2018 c diff
from antibiotics Used all of sick leave 3 weeks Fmla Long term
disability Overpaid him and didn't pay him since they overpaid Dr
gorecki as expert Dr Cabot to do review Lost job now in training Andean
Chevy (NO LUCK) Borrowed money from son Casey Casey Graduates from north
ga - works for roger Slaton State Farm - witness Fiancée Lauren Morgan -
fiancée of Casey is a nurse Chance is getting masters in music -
Oklahoma Urology and catheter related to accident Mother in law lives w
them Waukyna Passmore 19 w child Annette- singer 60 plus per year- at
Tyson's - now half with Andean Worst job - cooking blood - no room to
move up.

Dr. Friedman - Passmore

Sparse records, no radiographs. Get me ALL the records and the imaging.

According to the dec page in the file the UM limits for Passmore with
State Farm are $25K (reduced by at-fault liability limits).

/Discovery/

D's RFA responses: Denies following too closely, negligence.

D's Rog responses: Don't restate questions, so whoever did this is an
asshole (Calanit Amir, Worsham Corsi). Identifies mother and brother as
having knowledge. Won't provide SSN. D works at a marina. Thinks there
may be brake problems. Per rog response he admits fault, but see RFAs.
Punts contention rogs because discovery "just commenced" but doesn't
object. No drug/alcohol, wears classes. Refuses to provide Facebook, and
he's 25yo. They provide MVR, this is the only citation. His Facebook is
public and just has a bunch of stuff about hunting and some vaguely
politically incorrect memes. He mostly stopped posting after 2016.

--Passmore - Dr. Cabot Phone Call

Surgeons are supposed to evaluate problems to determine if surgery is
necessary. He has higher risks being morbidly obese, hypertensive, and
high cholesterol. Need really good reason to perform surgery on patients
with likely complications like these.

Passmore is young but old enough to have some normal DDD.

Diagnosed cervical sprain.
 
6/10 after accident to 3/10 pain recently = Mild.

Did motor testing: Normal.

He was satisfied with his recent lumbar surgery.

Sent for PT where he had 12 sessions. No residual pain, stiffness,
weakness afterwards.

Thoracic pain 1/10. Mild.

Cervical strain + PT + medications = Not good surgical candidate.

Why did Dr. Gorecki order surgical MRI then?

C4-5 - Small broad osteophyte spur (not traumatic). C5-6 - Same thing,
but looks a little worse (either DDD or disc bulge from accident).
Moderate right-sided mild left-sided neural foramina stenosis. Not
considered major problem. Worse on the opposite side of where he told
surgeon he had pain? More degenerative problems than traumatic problems.
C-6-7 - Similar to top.

Asked for note to return to full-duty work. Gorecki told him no.

Still taking Percocet.

Might need disc protrusion - Inappropriate for a surgeon to suggest.
Last thing you want to do. Surgeon looking to find reason to operate.

To operate, would look for: • Local swelling edema - no comment about
that • Angular tear - no comment about that • Hematoma - no comment
about that

Op note: Two large herniated disc. Changes from protrusion to two large
herniated discs? Should've tried epidural first before surgery. No harm
if it doesn't work.

Why was there a gap in treatment from May 2018 to May 2019?

Radicular pain cured by PT before the surgery.

Xrays 6/18/19 looks excellent but didn't make any reference of hardware
or healing post-op. Normally look for this with post-surgery patients.

Cannot return to work bc fear/anxiety. Was on valium before both of his
surgeries though.

Gorecki says no swallowing problems (usually swelling from neck after
surgery makes swallowing difficult).

But another record says problem swallowing. Inconsistencies everywhere.

3/2018 did MVA cause herniated disc? Unlikely. Feels better since
vehicles were in rough shape.

Took 40% more time to complete surgery bc complications. (Or trying to
meet medicare/medicaid time threshold to get more $$$?)

7/18/17 - Year prior to MVA. History of neck problem.

Affidavit from neurosurgeon now?

[[2020-05-12]] Friedman review "probably correct" that surgery was
unnecessary, Friedman has encountered Gorecki somewhere. Lumbar
decompression was probably indicated, surgery for unresponsive neck pain
couldn't see Friedman couldn't see anything he would have operated on.
Difficult to prove operation not necessary unless some reason to show
malicious. Someone will probably come along and say minor abnormalities,
will come down to an argument re indication re surgery, will be
differences of opinion. Will testify would not operate, most would
agree, but they will find somebody. No evidence of injury from surgery.
Hard to make a case for damages. Gorecki's malpractice would not be
admissible in the traffic case in Florida. Not unusual persistant pain
patient gets surgery, usually just sues the guy who rear-ended them.
Basically, no case.

[[2020-07-01]] deposition

[ ] lost wages claim needs a # - they tried to reserve right to redepose
/ Catheter issue --> erectile disfunction? [ ] {do we have records?} /
failure to treat psych issues / daughter abandoned grandchild / [ ]
update records and updated itemization

Forsyth

2018-03-05 David Wezley Scherschun

Brother Gabriel and mother Mya

ssn

Brakes skipped, P was "starting to slow down" but ultimately admit he
was stopped

Admit fault

Would you tell me your social security number off the record? 259916129

{American Ministries} Secure USA
