Michael Peace v. Aldron L. Pate, State Court of DeKalb County, Civil
Action No. 18A70868, NOT J. Stacey K. Hydrick (BRIAN ROSS?)

LI paid $25,000, medical is $23.288.30, Assunta has $50k and we have to go to trial to get it.

/Todo/

STANDING ORDER - Privilege log, complete answers, no boilerplate or
general objections. Discussions about testimony during deposition are
proper subject of inquiry by the other side. Discovery disputes by
telephone. Mediation mandatory. PTO NOT required prior to conference,
mediation and other deadlines will be discussed at that time. Court open
to discovery discussion at this final scheduling conference.

September trial, Assunta trying to get $$, general questions with
immediate follow up, mediate by May

[fu] request and make supplement (letter from neighbor and medical).
Client saw Dr. Raziano Sept 25. Review transcript, get video. No medpay.
Offer of settlement?

[[2020-07-16]] Mediation - accepted tender from LI, will go to trial
with Assunta

ALL DEADLINES TOLLED OR EXTENDED per J. Melton's Order [[2020-08-30]]
discovery dl, dispositive motions also due by that date; mediation dl
(notify court by email by [[2020-10-03]]) [[2020-09-29]]; PTO due
[[2021-01-03]]; MIL and objections to depositions [[2020-12-10]],
responses due [[2020-12-24]]; status email for trial [[2021-01-14]]

/Notes/

2020-01-06 liability tendered the 25k

Filed 2018-08-29. $15,321.12 medical specials, no lost wages, loss of
capacity to labor. Negligence per se (following too closely).

Answer of Defendant (First Acceptance Insurance Company, 25/50) through
Robert H. Betts, Tate & Bicknese, LLP, 2018-10-29. No concerning
defenses, liability admitted. Answer of Mid-Century Insurance Company
(50/100) through Assunta Fiorini. No concerning defenses, rescission of
right to be served electronically.

Medical: Treated with Caduceus clinic due to throbbing headaches and
diagnosed with an acute post-traumatic headache and was released with
referral to physical therapy. We do not have records from the first PT
place he went to because they closed down and we have been unsuccessful
in getting those records. He presented next to Dr. Raziano where he was
recommended an MRI. He was then diagnosed with low back pain, lumbar
spondylosis and lumbar stenosis. His MRI also showed disc bulging at the
L1-2, L2-3 and the L3-4 levels. He had injections and had water therapy
treatment. He did not see very much improvement and thus he had
undergone a lumbar radiofrequency neurotomy. Michael was given an
impairment rating of 5% of the whole person. Recently, Michael has been
having very intense pain and he has an appointment scheduled next week
to go over the options with his doctor. His doctor has not recommended
surgery because it is a 3-level surgery that can take up to 6 hours and
there is only a 50% that there would be improvement. Records sent to
India to be reviewed, chronology in file, requested 5 years of prior
records.

Negotiation: We mailed a demand for policy limits back on 6/29/18 to
First Acceptance. We received a first offer of $6,397.24 due to there
being no PD claim filed. Per client, property was repaired through his
company. Per SKL, this is an excess case. Client is still symptomatic
with little chance of improvement through surgery.

Written Discovery: RFAs admit everything except medical. General
objections (disfavored per standing order); boilerplate objections. Many
interrogatory responses "reserve the right to supplement" - I assume
that this means Mr. Pate is unavailable to them.

No coverage if no cooperation. No ability to investigate so no bad
faith. No way to get assignment.

Still on pain control and cortosone shots as of 2019-09-17

---

PLAINTIFF’S FIRST MOTION IN LIMINE AND OBJECTION TO DEPOSITION TESTIMONY

Plaintiff shows the Court that the matters set forth below are inadmissible for any purpose and timely objection at trial would not prevent the prejudice associated with improper questioning or testimony regarding these matters. “The purpose in filing a motion in limine to suppress evidence or to instruct opposing counsel not to offer it is to prevent the asking of prejudicial questions and the making of prejudicial statements in the presence of the jury with respect to matters which have no proper bearing on the issues in the case or on the rights of the parties to the suit.” Harley-Davidson Motor Co. v. Daniel, 244 Ga. 284, n.1 (1979) (quoting Bridges v. City of Richardson, 163 Tex. 292 (1962)

Plaintiff respectfully requests the Court rule to exclude the following evidentiary matters at the trial of this case:

1. Argument or Evidence Regarding Causation Unsupported by Proper Medical Testimony. 

Plaintiff moves that the Court exclude any statement or implication that any prior or subsequent condition or injuries of Plaintiff are related to the matter now at issue, or that Plaintiff’s medical condition was caused by circumstances other than the collision at issue, unless such contention is first established by testimony of someone having sufficient and appropriate medical training or supported by medical records. Neither a witness nor lawyer without any medical training can give such an unsupported opinion. See Eberhart v. Morris Brown College, 181 Ga. App. 516, 518-19 (1987).

2. Evidence and Testimony Unsupported by Expert Testimony That the Defendant Driver Was Not Injured in This Collision or that Property Damage Was Minimal. 

Defendant Driver’s lack of injuries or the extent of propery damage are irrelevant and immaterial in this case. Injuries to human beings arise from dynamic and complex factors which may include, but are not limited to, pre-existing medical conditions, the positioning of the occupants in the vehicles, and other conditions. Any argument regarding the relevance of Defendant's lack of injuries or minimal property damage requires biomechanical evidence instead of mere lay testimony.

3. The Time or Circumstances under Which Plaintiff Employed Her Attorney. 

The date on which the plaintiff retained counsel is privileged pursuant to OCGA § 24-5-501(a)(2), which protects against the disclosure of communications between attorney and client. Moreover, such facts do not tend to prove or disprove any issue of material fact and would only serve to mislead the jury and confuse the issues. OCGA § 24-9-403. Furthermore, testimony about when she hired her attorney is irrelevant to the trial of the case. OCGA § 24-9-402.

4. Collateral Source Rule. 

No mention should be made that any part of the medical bills of Plaintiff were paid by any health insurance carrier or other third party. Georgia law bars the Defendant from presenting any evidence of third-party payments, because a tortfeasor is not allowed to mitigate its liability by collateral payments provided by others. Candler Hosp. v. Dent, 228 Ga.App. 421, 421 (1997).

5. Fact and Amount of Settlement. 

The Court should exclude any mention of the fact that Plaintiff has settled with other defendants, or the amount of such a settlement. Allison v. Patel, 211 Ga. App. 376, 382 (1993).

OBJECTION TO DEPOSITION

Plaintiff objects to the deposition testimony of Aldron Pate relating to the speed of impact, his lack of injuries, and minimality of vehicle damage, including, without limitation, the specific testimony listed below:

Deposition of Aldron Pate:

27:17-18 "I wasn't going nothing like 7 miles per hour."
27:24-25 "But I didn't hit him hard. I didn't hit him hard at all."
31:18-20 "Q. Were you hurt in the collision that occurred? A. No, sir."
35:11-14 "Q. Was your car damaged at all? A. No, sir. Q. Did you get anything repaired or fixed? A. No. It's still the same way it was."
36:13    "But I knew I hadn't hit him that hard."
39:5-6   "Q. So you tapped his bumper? A. Uh-huh."
41:3-4   "Q. Did you drive the car home? A. Yes."
43:1-44:1 [Entire examination by Assunta Fiorini and associated Defendant's Exhibit 1]  

