This is the deposition of Hugh Smisson III, taken pursuant to notice and
agreement of counsel under the Georgia Civil Practice Act for purpose of
discovery, cross-examination, and any other lawful purpose, with the
understanding, if agreeable to counsel, that all objections will be
waived until first use, except for form, privilege, and responsiveness
of the answer. Is that agreeable? Are we also in agreement that this
deposition may be taken remotely by videoconference, with the officer
administering the oath in a different location than the witness?

Please swear the witness.

Dr. Smisson, we always start these depositions by going over a few
ground rules. I'm pretty sure you've been deposed before, and I'm also
sure that your attorney prepared you for this one, so this will mostly
be a repeat of things you've heard before, but just for the record:

It's especially important in these days of video depositions that we not
talk over each other, that you let me complete my question even if you
think you know what I'm asking and that you give me complete and
articulate responses, without using your hands or making the sort of
noises that people make in casual conversation but that are difficult to
transcribe. We want to make this as easy for the court reporter as
possible.

You can take a break at any time, although I will ask that you answer
any non-objectionable questions that are on the table before we mute the
screen or leave the room. Does that sound fair?

Can you tell me who is in the room with you?

If you don't understand a question, please ask me to rephrase, and if
you have trouble recalling something, please don't guess, let me know
and we can talk through as much as you do remember, okay?

Is there anything I should know about, like a medication you might be
on, that would interfere in any way with your ability to give me
truthful, complete, and accurate testimony today.

And you understand that you are under oath, and what that means?

Okay, I'm going to circle back to your CV later, but I want to start
with Matthew Riley. Do you recall Mr. Riley as a patient?

Did you review his medical records to prepare for today?

Were there any other documents you reviewed to prepare for today?

Did you talk to any other physicians in preparing for today's
deposition? Anyone other than your lawyers?

As you probably know, we have an expert who believes that you should
have operated on Mr. Riley instead of waiting until transfer to Wellstar
could be arranged, and that his condition was survivable if you had
operated on him. We'll go into it all that in detail in a moment, but my
first question is, why didn't you operate?

Let's look at the record. I'm going to introduce what's been marked as
Plaintiff's 1, which is 319 pages of certified records from Navicent
Health. I'd like to go through some of this together.

Let's look at p. 6 of 319.

This shows that you were the neurosurgical attending physician for
Mr. Riley, correct?

And the date of this history note is October 17, which was the first of
the four days Mr. Riley spent at Navicent, correct?

Someone spoke with him and found him awake and alert, but with
expressive aphasia and suffering from right facial weakness, headaches,
and double vision. Fair summary?

Who is Cynthia Hunt? Tell me about her. Does she work for GNI?

And if we look forward to p. 8, it appears that Hunt dictated this
initial consultation report, correct?

She had a CT scan from another facility, but she ordered an MRI and some
medication, correct?

As the attending, you were her supervisor, correct?

Other than the fact that you were the attending, were you directly
involved in Mr. Riley's care at this point?

Did you actually see this patient before the MRI results were obtained?

HOSPITALIST GROUP DR AJJAN IS ALSO AN INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR BUT FOR GNI

I'm going to ask you to explain some medical terms to me. What is
expressive aphasia?

Why was this finding significant to PA Hunt?

What is a "left frontotemporal intraaxial mass"?

What was the significance of its location for decisions about
Mr. Riley's treatment? What did it tell you about the likely outcomes of
treatment?

What is edema and why was it worth noting?

Explain "left-to-right shift and entrapment of the left ventricle
without significant hydrocephalus."

So PA Hunt put Mr. Riley on anti-seizure medication and ordered
additional imaging. Was this appropriate and consistent with the
applicable standard of medical care, at this point in Mr. Riley's
progression? Why?

What was an MRI going to show that a CT would not.

Was that initial decision making PA Hunt's, was it your decision, or was
it PA Hunt following procedures you and your physician colleagues had
implemented?

If we move on, we see discharge notes at p. 9, by Dr. Ajjan Mohammed.

Date here is October 20, correct?

And at this point the patient is not awake, in critical condition, and
in need of surgery as soon as he gets to Atlanta.

Who is Dr. Mohommed. Does he work for GNI? What was his role in
Mr. Riley's case? Did he have any role in the decision making regarding
transfer? Did you consult with him at all in making that decision?

Dr. Mohommed states that the patient was "brought by neurosurgeon who
thought they cannot do it in the center because he needs brain mapping."
Right?

Would you be that neurosurgeon?

Was Mr. Riley in your care during his entire course of treatment at
Navicent? You were responsible for him, correct?

PRIMARY ADMITTING PHYSICIAN EITHER FERNANDEZ OR AJJAN AS OF 19TH AT
2:31p accepted for transfer

I think it's sort of interesting that Dr. Mohommed says you "thought"
the patient needs brain mapping. Do you know whether Dr. Mohommed agreed
with your conclusion that this patient needed brain mapping?

Did you ever have a conversation with Dr. Mohommed about this patient?
At all? Specifically about the need for brain mapping?

You would agree with me that Dr. Mohammed is not a neurosurgeon. He
would defer to you on decisions regarding whether to perform
neurosurgery on this patient, correct?

So, we'll see a little more about what happened further on in the chart,
but is it fair to say this patient came in on the 17th, wasn't operated
on because of a perceived need for brain mapping, and had significantly
deteriorated by the 20th?

There are references on this page to a "tumor." Is there a difference
between a tumor and a mass, which is the way PA Hunt referred to it?

Did Riley have a tumor?

Were there any indications in this patient's history that, in hindsight,
might have directed you away from a tumor diagnosis?

The record sort of goes back in time to the 18th next, so let's refocus
in that direction, okay?

What was the differential diagnosis on admission? What were you trying
to establish, and what were you ruling out, with regard to Riley's
condition?

Let's look at p. 17.

Here's a note from Dr. Mohammed on 10/18, correct?

It starts with a description of the MRI results.

This talks about a "parietal mass with areas of necrosis and internal
hemorrage" causing a "midline shift and mass effect."

What does all that mean? What was the significance of hemorrage?
Necrosis?

Was there any need to manage the hemorrage? Anything done?

Then below that it says a few things, starting with "pre op work up."
Does that mean that this point, did Dr. Mohammed think Mr. Riley needed
an operation? Was that his opinion, or was he recording someone else's
opinion? What does a pre op work up consist of?

Who was making the decision regarding the need for a procedure, at this
point? What type of procedure was being prepared for?

Was there anyone else at GNI with more experience with these types of
cases?

"no cp or sob or CAd" - what does that mean?

What is a "tumor work up"? What does it consist of?

What does sinus rhythm tell us about the patient's condition at this
time?

Is it important to our understanding of Riley's condition that Mohammed
assessed it as critical and spent 45 minutes managing him?

What would Dr. Mohammed have been doing during that 45 minutes.

Okay, the next note is on pp. 17-21 and is authored by Robert Brunson,
CN.

Nurse Brunson is part of your team?

And is he certified in the treatment of neurosurgical patients, is that
part of what CN means, or is his certification just intensive care?

On p. 18, Nurse Brunson says the patient is awake and alert and
communicating well, no acute events overnight. Fair summary?

On p. 19-20, there are what appears to be the results of an imaging
study, and it says the study was independently reviewed by Dr. Smisson.
That would be you, correct?

Is the imaging report on p. 20 the MRI that was done at Navicent?

Paint me a picture of your involvement with the patient up to this
point. Had you actually been in the same room as the patient by this
time, or were you just looking at the MRI images?

Standard operating procedure? Was your treatment of the patient up to
this point consistent with the standard of care you are required to
conform with? Any literature or policy documents you can point me to in
support of that?

At the bottom of p. 20 it says "Patient will need NS intervention." Does
NS stand for neurosurgical?

What type of surgery was contemplated at that time? By whom?

Then it says "Will start planning for OR." Operating room? So was the
plan to do the surgery at Navicent at this point? Had that decision been
made? By whome?

Then "Maintain ICU for now."

So, to put this in laymen's terms, fair to say they weren't actually
wheeling him into the operating room right then, but the plan was to
perform surgery.

And, as a layperson, it looks to me that at this point, Nurse Brunson
thought that the surgery was going to be performed at Navicent.

Had a decision been made about brain mapping and it just hadn't been
communicated to Nurse Brunson?

Okay, let's look at the next note, which is on pp. 21-23

This is by Laurie Faircloth.

Who is that?

Is she an RN?

Most of this looks similar to previous notes, except at the bottom now
it says, I'm on p. 22, "Patient will need NS intervention, have had
partners review imaging and feel the location of this mass would best be
served by brain mapping and this is not available in this facility."

Then she says the plan is to work on transfer to a facility that can do
brain mapping, right?

It also says face to face contact occurred with Dr. Smisson.

Was this your first face to face contact with the patient?

On the next page, it says this was dictated by Nurse Faircloth but
authenticated by Doctor Smisson, right?

When it says, "have had partners review imaging," is that her talking or
is that her dictating something you said?

You were responsible for this patient at this time, correct?

This was dictated on the 19th, around 2:30 in the afternoon?

So, at this point, he'd been there for two days?

He was still awake and alert?

Do you recall your encounter with him, or are we just going by what's in
the chart?

Tell me everything you can recall about that encounter.

Who were the "partners" that Nurse Faircloth was referring to?

Alright, so now we're back to the question I asked you at the beginning
of this deposition, and hopefully I've refreshed your recollection with
the record a bit, so let's get into some more detail. As of the 19th at
this time, a decision had been made not to perform neurosurgery at
Navicent, correct?

Do you recall exactly when that decision was made?

Do you recall who was involved in making that decision?

Who did you discuss this issue with, specifically?

What did you and your partners review in order to make that decision?
What specific facts did you rely on in making the decision?

Can you point me to any medical literature or policy documents that
would support this decision?

Why not do the surgery at Navicent?

Was there a financial reason for not doing the surgery at Navicent?

Did any concern about potential liability play any role in the decision
not to perform neurosurgery on this patient?

Was there any factor that influenced this decision other than the
medical condition of the patient? Were you busy? Tired?

You believed that brain mapping was indicated for this patient, yes?

Sitting here today, do you still believe that brain mapping was
indicated?

Do you believe it was necessary? Consistent with the applicable medical
standard of care?

Tell me about brain mapping. What is it? Why would it have been useful
in this case? Why necessary?

Can you do brain mapping on an aphaisic patient? Does the aphasia create
any difficulties? Did you account for the fact that this patient was
aphaisic in making the brain mapping decision?

If you had known that {Mr. Riley didn't have a tumor}, would it have
made a difference in your decision regarding brain mapping?

Do you stand by the decision to transfer this patient?

Isn't it true that you made the decision that this patient needed brain
mapping because you got the diagnosis wrong?

Other than the brain mapping, was there any other reason to transfer
this patient?

Would you have been able to perform surgery on this patient without
brain mapping?

Were you competent at the time to perform surgery on this patient
without brain mapping?

Let's look at p. 23-26

This is a note by Dr. Mohammed, and if you look on p. 26, it looks like
it was dictated a little after 5pm on the 19th, a few hours after the
previous note.

And it looks pretty much cut and pasted from the note on p. 17, except
now there is mention of a transfer to Atlanta and a chest CT.

Why was a chest CT done, if you recall?

Do we know if the patient was alert when Dr. Mohammed talked to him? How
do we know? Any other way to know, other than maybe to talk to
Dr. Mohammed?

Who else might remember this patient?

Why transfer to Atlanta?

Who was involved in the decision to transfer to Atlanta, as opposed to
some other hospital?

Are there other hospitals where brain mapping could have been conducted?
List them.

Was the department of corrections involved in the decision as to where
to transfer?

Did the department of corrections' contractual relationship with Atlanta
Wellstar play into the decision to transfer the patient there in any
way? Do you know? Who would know about that?

Could you have transferred this patient to a different facility where he
could have been operated on immediately, regardless of what the DOC had
to say about it?

Who was involved in arranging for the transfer? Who actually made the
phone calls?

Did you speak with anyone from the department of corrections about this
patient?

Do you know Dr. Sharon Lewis? Did you speak with her about this patient?

Do you have reporting responsibilities to Dr. Lewis in a prison case
like Mr. Riley's? Anyone else at the Department of Corrections?

Do you have any complaints about the department of correction's handling
of Mr. Riley before he got to your facility? Do you think there was a
delay in recognizing that Mr. Riley had a problem and getting him to
treatment? Sitting here today, do you think that anyone at the
department of corrections, or their medical staff, did anything wrong
that contributed to Mr. Riley's death? In any way?

Next note is by Nurse Brunson, on the 20th., pp. 26-27

Are these progress notes supposed to be made daily?

This says he's "arousable," which sounds not as good as alert. What does
arousable mean? What does FCx4 mean? Motor strength and sensation
"grossly intact"?

The overnight events portion says "remains aphasic."

This note was dictated around 5p on the 20th, authenticated by you on
November 9.

Why is there a 19 day delay between dictation and authentication?

Okay, the next note in on pp. 27-30, by Dr. Mohammed, October 20, 2017,
at 8am

So it looks like this was actually dictated before the previous note.

And this shows the patient awake, alert, and oriented, albeit aphasic,
correct?

And the same notes, copy pasted.

Looks like the next thing is discharge, correct?

And that happened around 8:30pm.

So it looks from this like the patient was awake and alert in the
morning of the day of his discarge.

But if you look back at p. 9, what Dr. Mohammed dictated at 9:38am on
the morning of the 21st, the patent was not awake, not alert, not
oriented, and in very critical condition.

What happened? Could it have been anticipated? Should it have been?

How often were they checking on this patient?

Let's look at p. 205 for a moment.

What is the Glasgow Coma Assessment?

This looks like when the patient was oriented when these assessments
were conducted until the evening of the 19th, which I think was about 24
hours prior to discharge, when the patient is disoriented. Correct?

Then again the next morning, "inapporpriate words"?

What does that indicate to you, as a physician?

This was a change in status, correct?

Were you aware of this at the time?

Was there a decision made to transfer the patient anyway, despite this
change in status, as opposed to going ahead and doing immediate surgery?
Or was the machinery already in motion just to transfer the patient at
this point?

Isn't it true that if you'd intervened at Navicent when this patient
started to deteriorate there might have been a better outcome?

Could you have, for example, peformed a decompressive craniectomy? Could
that have helped this patient?

Before we move away from this document, is there anything here you want
to bring to my attention that might help me understand the course of
treatment of this patient?

Let's move on to what I've marked as Plaintiff's 2

This is an extract from the certified medical records we received from
Atlanta Medical Center.

Would you agree that this appears to document Doctor Vernon Henderson's
impression of Mr. Riley's condition after transfer to AMC?

Do you know Dr. Henderson?

Do you have a favorable impression of him as a physician?

Have you reviewed these records?

Would you generally expect Dr. Henderson's notes to be accurate?

This says the patient was "known to have a solitary brain met" - what
does that mean?

He takes care to note that the patient was not intubated during
transport and required emergency intubation in Atlanta, do you see that.

Was it a mistake not to intubate Mr. Riley?

Do you think, in view of the herniation that they saw in the patient's
CT scan, that intubation might have made a difference to the outcome
with this patient?

What are uncal and transtentorial herniations, and what is the
difference?

Was herniation a known risk of Mr. Riley's condition?

Was that something you were aware of as a possibility when you made the
decision to transfer Mr. Riley?

How did you account for it?

Was it an acceptable risk, in view of the standard of care applicable to
you at the time?

Did you order anything in the way of monitoring or additional imaging in
view of the risk of herniation?

Mr. Riley was pronounced dead in the morning of the 21 at around 9:21a,
correct?

Would you think that he was likely dead prior to that time?

Was there any reason to perform surgery on this patient at the time he
was admitted to AMC?

Is there any way to know if the herniation occurred during transport,
prior to transport, or immediately on admission to AMC?

Is a brain herniation something that happens suddenly?

Let's look at what's been marked Plaintiff's 3.

This provides some additional information, correct?

Does any of that additional information change any of your responses to
my previous questions about the course of treatment of Mr. Riley and his
condition?

I find this record especially interesting from where I sit because it
documents Dr. Sharon Lewis's involvement in arranging for the transfer.
Again, did you know anything about that?

Were you aware on the 19th that there was going to be a delay in
transferring this patient to AMC?

Did that impact {would that have impacted} your decision making about
whether to perform surgery in Macon?

Isn't it true that this patient was still in your care during the period
of delay, even after the decision to transfer had been made?

Let's look at Plaintiff's 4

This is another Henderson note that discusses some radiology that they
conducted at AMC on the 21st, a CT scan.

What is "subfalcine herniation"?

This confirms a herniation, which was the immediate cause of death,
correct?

Is the lack of hemorrhage significant?

The CT showed a solid mass of about 7.5 cm with edema present as well,
correct?

Do you see a change here from the earlier imaging we discussed, other
than obviously the herniation?

Was there edema in the earlier scans?

What might account for the change?

What caused the herniation, in your opinion?

Does this note change anything about your earlier responses?

Okay, so Mr. Riley was pronounced dead, and I'll represent to you that
his body was sent to Piedmont Atlanta for organ harvesting. We have
those records.

Now I'm going to show what's been marked as Plaintiff's 5

Now, there's no name on this, and it was not in the certified records
that Piedmont sent us, I think because the pathology department there
uses a different patient numbering system than the hospital itself. I
will represent to you that the birth date shown on this document is
Mr. Riley's, the service date is correct, and this was obtained by my
client as a record relating to Mr. Riley; I believe it to be his
pathology report, conducted on brain tissue harvested from his body
after his death. So, assuming all of that to be true, what does this
document tell you?

What is the significance of the phrase "no malignancy is identified"?
Assuming this document is what I believe it to be, does it conclusively
show whether or not there actually was a malignancy in Mr. Riley's
brain?

[Do you have any reason to know better?]

What does "histiocytic infiltrate" mean?

Does this document change your answer as to whether brain mapping was
indicated in this case? How about the related but different question of
whether brain mapping was necessary?

Is this pathology report at odds with what you knew when you made
decisions regarding Mr. Riley's treatment?

Would you have done anything different if you'd known at the time there
was no malignancy?

In your medical opinion, within a reasonable degree of medical
certainty, was the treatment rendered by you to Mr. Riley appropriate
and within the standard of care?

Are you aware of any treatment provided to Mr. Riley at Navicent or
anywhere else that was inappropriate or not within the standard of care.

Let's look at your CV, which I've marked as Plaintiff's 6

Your bachelor's degree from Emory was in business, in 1979?

And you got that after starting out in the associate's program at Oxford
College, which is sort of a feeder into Emory, or it was when I went to
Emory for graduate school in the 1990s.

Then you took a year or two off and started medical school in the fall
of 1981, at the Medical College of Georgia.

Did you always intend to go into medicine, or did something happen
between 1979 and 1981 that pushed you in that direction?

You interned and did your residency at Medical College of Georgia, and
during that time you were Chief Resident for a year.

And that residency was in neurosurgery.

Yuu were board certified by the American Board of Neurological Surgery
in 1995.

Have you been continuously board certified in neurosurgery since then?

What's the difference between a board certification in neurosurgery and,
say, general surgery?

When was the last time you updated this CV?

You've taught surgery at Mercer, correct?

Do you still teach there?

Are you licensed to practice medicine in Georgia today?

How about on October 17, 2017?

So you were licensed, certified, and able to perform neurosurgery on
Mr. Riley during the period of time when he was under your care?

And in fact, he was under your care, so the decision as to whether to
perform surgery on him was yours to make, correct?

And you are familiar with the standards of care applicable to that
decision.

And, sitting here today, your opinion as to whether your treatment of
Mr. Riley conformed with those standards of care is:

On the second page, it says you are the vice president of the Georgia
Neurosurgical Institute.

Do you mind if I call refer to the Georgia Neurosurgical Institute, PC
as GNI, just to save us some time?

Who is the president of GNI? Are there other officers? Who are they?

How many members does GNI have?

We originally sued Navicent in this case, but they managed to convince
me early on your only affiliation with the hospital was the fact that
you had the privilege to practice there, is that correct? Is there
anything you would add to that?

That was based on the Affidavit of their general counsel, Kennetth B.
Banks, do you know him.

So, my understanding is that your professional affiliation is with GNI,
not Navicent.

Who makes decisions about how to treat patients in Navicent's
Neurological Intensive Care Unit, would it be Navicent or GNI? Are there
any policies and procedures promulgated by Navicent that direct your
treatment of patients at that facility?

How do you get paid for treatment you provide at Navicent, by Navicent
or by GNI?

Was anyone at GNI other than you involved in the decision as to whether
to perform surgery on Mr. Riley?

Was there anyone at GNI with the authority to tell you whether or not to
perform surgery on Mr. Riley?

Was there anyone that you could have consulted with at GNI or elsewhere
regarding this case and treatment decisions?

Do you in fact consult with anyone?

Anyone not at GNI?

Did you talk to anyone at all about this case, other than the folks
whose names are in the medical record {and...}? And just to be clear,
I'm not talking about your lawyer or any morbidity and mortality
meeting, but anyone outside of that?

It was your decision.

Were there any policies or procedures of the practice that informed your
decision not to perform surgery?

Any written policies or procedures I can look at, at all.

While we're on the topic, is there any medical literature that you can
point me to that influenced your decision not to perform surgery on
Mr. Riley?

Did you review any literature to prepare for today's deposition?

Can you point me to any medical literature that supports your position
in this litigation?

How about literature that might support Dr. Friedman's opinion that you
should have performed surgery on Mr. Riley?

Are any of the publications listed in your CV relevant to this case?

Have you published anything that's not listed in your CV that's related
to this case?

Would you say that you have any area of specialization within the field
of neurosurgery?

What journals do you subscribe to?

What journals do you view as authoritative in the field of Neurosurgery?

Back to GNI. Does GNI have any written agreements with Navicent?

Can I see them?

I'll represent that in its written discovery responses GNI refused to
produce any employment agreements with you or anyone else on the grounds
that they're not relevant.

It also stated that you are its employee. Do you agree with that?

Were you, in treating Mr. Riley, acting in the course and scope of your
employment by GNI?

Are you also a member of GNI?

Other than what's in the chart, communications with your attorney, and
morbidity and mortality review documents that are subject to the peer
review privilege, have you put anything in writing anywhere about this
case?

Other than in a peer review setting where communications are privileged,
has anyone ever criticized your treatment of Mr. Riley, to your
knowledge? Other than what's in our complaint and the affidavit by
Dr. Friedman, of course?

Have you reviewed Dr. Friedman's affidavit?

Do you disagree with his conclusion that your treatment of Dr. Friedman
was not consistent with your duty of care?

Why?

Let's look at it together, I've marked it 7

Is there anything you can point me to that he gets wrong, factually?

Is there anything he's missing, which you think might have altered his
conclusion about this case? Any additional facts he doesn't appear to
have considered?

Are you aware of anything else in writing about this case, other than
medical records and privileged communications, the documents that have
been exchanged in discovery already?

Are you affiliated with any hospitals other than Navicent?

GNI refused to produce your personnel file. Is there such a thing?

Are there any records of your having been the subject of complaints of
alleged malpractice that might be contained in a file at GNI? Including
complaints that did not lead to lawsuits?

As their Vice President, would you be aware if such records existed?

I'm going to show you what's been marked as Plaintiff's Exhibit 8, which
I'll represent to you is the response you prepared to certain written
questions we sent early on in this litigation. Do you remember this
document?

If you look at the next to last page and the one before that, is that
your signature?

And this verifies the accuracy of the responses to our questions,
subject to the proviso that you prepared this with the help of your
lawyers, right?

If you look at our first question, which is on the third page, it asks
basically for any witnesses you know who might know something relevant
to this case, and after some hemming and hawing from your attorneys you
list PA Hunt, Nurses Brunson and Faircloth, and Dr. Ajjan. Correct?

Sitting here today, have I refreshed your recollection as to any other
people who might know things relevant to Mr. Riley's course of treatment
at Navicent and the decision not to perform surgery on him and to
transfer him to AMC instead.

In No. 7, we asked about other necessary parties who aren't party to the
lawsuit, and your lawyer said we'll let you know if there's anyone not a
party to this lawsuit that was potentially at fault.

And I want to talk to you about this a bit, with the understanding that
I know you are not a lawyer, and I'm not asking you for a legal opinion.
But this is important to me, because I've had to sue a bunch of other
folks at the Department of Corrections in a separate lawsuit.

So I need to ask you, sitting here today, do you have any reason to
think that anyone at the state prison, or any of the medical providers
that they contract with, did anything wrong in this case that
contributed the Mr. Riley's negative outcome?

Do you have any intention of pointing the finger at anyone else?

If you don't know sitting here today, how would we go about knowing who
else might be at fault?

Have you reviewed any records from the prison?

Do you have any reason at all to think that there was a delay in
transferring Mr. Riley from the jail to the hospital system?

Did anyone at Fairview Park do anything wrong?

How about Dr. Mohammed? We talked about his decision not to intubate?

Is it fair to say that, as far as you know right now, this case is
basically about whether you made the right call not to perform surgery
on Mr. Riley at Navicent?

Number 9. You agree that Dr. Friedman appears to be qualified to have an
expert opinion about neurosurgery, correct?

You just disagree with his conclusion, for reasons we've talked about.

Anything you want to add to that?

Okay. 16 asks about prior lawsuits alleging professional negligence.
Let's go through that.

There was a case involving a pulmonary embolism. Tell me about that;
what was alleged?

You got a defense verdict in that case?

And that was in Bibb County?

About what year?

You also disclosed two other cases involving spinal surgery in which you
were dismissed as a co-defendant without payment. Were those related
cases? Tell me about them.

How were you dismissed, was that voluntary on the plaintiff's part, do
you know?

Then there was a case involving cauda equina syndrome. What's that? Has
that been resolved? How?

There was a report of a payment on your physician profile that you
thought was a mistake, has that been resolved? What case was that
related to?

What we saw on the Composite Medical Board website was a $2.125MM
settlement with a settlement date of 7/23/12, does that refresh your
recollection at all?

Any other cases you know about?

And is it still true that your license to practice medicine has never
been restricted, suspended, or revoked? Never had your privileges
revoked at any facility?

Have you ever been fired from a position, and I mean a position you held
as a doctor, not a summer job you might have had during college.

With maybe the exception of the pulmonary embolism, the surgeries where
there were accusations of problems seem to mainly involve the back, as
opposed to for lack of a better term brain surgery. Fair? What
proportion of your practice involved actual surgery in the brain as
opposed to spinal or peripheral nervous system surgery?

If you had performed surgery on Mr. Riley, what surgery would you have
performed? Assuming you made the decision to go ahead without brain
mapping?

What do you think would have been the likely outcome of that surgery?
Can you talk about it in terms of percentages?

Have you ever been arrested, for anything?

Have you ever been bankrupt?

Do you still not recall any conversations about this patient with family
members?

Have you ever given expert testimony before? Were you a treating expert
or a retained expert? Type of case? P or D? Were you paid?

One final document, which I've marked Plaintiff's 9.

This was produced by GNI, I believe, and it looks like an invoice?

Are you familiar with this document?

Do you know whether you or GNI got paid for the services provided to
Mr. Riley?

Where it says contractual adjustment, what does that mean?

Can you have your attorney get me a copy of that contract?

How do payments work, GNI does the billing, correct?

Does the money go to you directly, or how are you paid in the end?

Would there have been another bill from Navicent, do you know?

How are these rates set for a patient like Mr. Riley?

You testified earlier that the financial side of this had no influence
whatsoever on your decisions regarding Mr. Riley's treatment, is that
correct?

And that's still your testimony?

Nothing further.
