# Althea Shea v. Gary Croy, Hall County State Court, Civil Action No. 18SV147. J. Baldwin NEW VENUE


2021-02-10 Dr. Kushs read narrative re Jefferies opinion that it's probable chronic. Sounds like he doesn't have training in musculo-skeletal imaging.


MEDICAL NARRATIVE OF KUSH SINGH, MD

My name is Kush Singh, MD, and I was retained by Althea Shea to review her medical records. I am the Chief of Radiology Services at Emory Saint Joseph’s Hospital, with clinical expertise and research interests in the field of orthopedic imaging. I hold the title of Assistant Professor in the faculty of the Emory University School of Medicine. I have an active license to practice medicine in the State of Georgia, where I have practiced medicine since 2009. I am certified by the American Board of Radiology. In preparing this narrative, I have reviewed records from Northside Hospital Forsyth, Northside Emergency Associates, Northside Radiology, and Barbour Orthopeadics. I also have reviewed documents prepared by Barry F. Jefferies, MD and Scott Barbour, MD. This report is based on my review of these documents, my clinical training and experience, and reliable medical literature and research on the subject.

I was specifically asked to state an opinion regarding the MR study performed on Ms. Shea on March 24, 2017. Ms. Shea's imaging is abnormal. Although I agree with Dr. Jefferies that you do not see certain findings that are sometimes present in cases arising from acute processes like motor vehicle accidents, I disagree with his conclusion that "[t]here are no findings to cooraborate an acute traumatic injury." Specifically, but without limitation, I do see significant joint effusion. Ms. Shea's imaging is, in my opinion and within a reasonable degree of medical certainty, consistent with a motor vehicle accident. The ultimate determination of causation should in this case be correlated clinically and, accordingly, I would, as a radiologist, defer to the Dr. Barbour's opinion as a board certified practitioner of orthopaedic surgery that Ms. Shea's "pain and decreased function were directly attributable to the motor vehicle collision."

The above statements are made with a reasonable degree of medical certainty, and I hereby certify the accuracy of this report.

Possible Daubert? SKL looking into narrative or Skype trial

Althea still needs to go get her arm looked at. This has been delayed as
she had seven days to get out of her place. I don't know if she was
evicted. She said she was going to an emergency room today. I suggested
she go to Northside Hospital in Cumming as they have the indigent
program and not NE GA as they don't.

Althea has been offered a job with Netflix in California working on the
set of "You are Dead to Me." I asked her to please get this for us in
writing.

I asked her to let me know if she does go to Northside today.

No expert per SKL, no consortium. Discovery ran 2019-02-14. Get ready
for trial. LOTS of medical probably unrelated (e.g.IUD). Low speed
accident. Lost wages testimony all over the place; says she missed
months of work but also capped it at 2 wks with some reduction in use.
Key is post-surgical loss of income claim.

There were service issues with the case, Defendant was ultimately served
while on a work detail 2018-06-25. Defendant answered prior to service
on 2018-05-16. By amended answer filed 2018-07-20 Defendant denied
venue, admits negligence. Transfer done now.

OCN is Jay Eidex, Groth & Makarenko. $25,000 liability coverage by
Southern General Insurance Company, no UM per denial by ACCC, client
rejected coverage, documented.

Negotiation: "Revised" policy limits demand send 2018-05-01, but that
was after suit was filed. Looks like we have a green card from a
pre-suit demand sent 2017-11-17, but no scanned or physical copy was
kept. Another demand may have been sent 2018-03-26. They offered $8,500.
Medical damages are $143,139 with surgical estimate, 14k and change
without.

Damages: These are the folks with the painting company. Second accident.
ER (Northside): Jan 29 2017 shoulder sore, told to ice it down and
follow up with ortho if it got worse. Couple weeks later, headache and
vaginal bleed, did head CT and pelvic ultrasound; related? Ortho
(Barbour) Mar 24, 2017, Dx rotator cuff confirmed on imaging, surgical
recommendation. Last visit May 2017, no record of any treatment
thereafter.

2019-07-30

Staying at her daughter's house in NH, left everything she owned, her
animals, took her Mercedes and a suitcase.

Both shoulders are killing her now.

Husband is on drugs, was getting violent.

Needs to wait two months to see Dr. Shirley. Applied for SSDI a long
time ago with right shoulder, got it for six months. Hard to get. She's
able to work but her situation isn't stable.

Is working in NH, cabinet work.

SKL - need to apply for assistance AS - can't change residence, he's on
his way up here in my truck, hopefully he'll get arrested, I have gold
with me. no help in Georgia SKL - get a restraining order. change your
residence to NH (driver's license). get assistance and get the operation
if you can before we try the case.

Downtown Gainesville rape. Goat, 4 chickens, outdoor cats, lizards.

Doctor says nothing they can do but surgery, no reason to keep coming
in.
