Brian A. Thomas v. Richard T. Bagwell, Phillip Smith Contracting, Inc.,
and Selective Insurance Company of South Carolina, State Court of DeKalb
County Civil Action No. 18A70689 filed. J. Dax Lopez.

Tags: #settled Status: SETTLED subject to not completely compensated
release Discovery ran [[2020-01-20]], depositions done, SKL was trying
to settle. $40,296.85 medical + lost wages.

/Todo/ SETTLED 115k

trial CONTINUED pretrial conference CONTINUED --> be ready to discuss
settlement history and MIL, objections to depos, bring PTO; MIL at
pretrial, objections to depositions 5 days before trial SEE CMO

[x] [[2020-03-13]] PTO due LOOK AT PTO RE NEGLIGENT MAINTENANCE?

[x] [[2020-05-15]] new discovery dl NOT EXTENDED

Cabot was identified Feb 21

/Notes/

Bagwell had an issue with his brakes? UM DECLINED?

Doc won't sign FCE. Need a demand. REVIEW FILE try to settle MEDIATE.

Their offer 25k(75k), Demand 125,000 (get with client to confirm) SKL to
get with CS and update ocn re demand position. tcw client 2019-04-09
finally got treatment at Emory Resurgens, Dr. Sullivan. Just started
physical therapy. Neck exercises, likes therapist, icing and heat.
Working on back also, sharp pains. Way better than Cadeusus. Needs to
update re time off from work. Amend lost wages? Lost privilege (?) at
work because of injury, has to drive himself? Client is providing
information.

Dr. Cabot 2020-02-03 Thomas Premature tx. Epidurals don't initially do
much. Neck starts 2 months after the accident. Can't tie edema to
accident, too long. Chronic pain tied to accident, but cervical
radiculopathy unlikely, but maybe exacerbation. Intensity out of
proportion, but no evidence of malingering. Recovery px is records is
overly optomistic. Will need more facet, px poor, but lack of objective
findings. Cabot will be an expert in Thomas.

Need to get prior records if we don't have them, working up check stubs
into a lost wage claim. Orintha getting pre-post (need to id her)

Schedule depositions of doctors while he's treating?

STANDING ORDER - contact court through case manager, Summer Schmidt,
404-687-7135 slschmidt@dekalbcountyga.gov, or staff attorney Ana Maria
Martinez, 404-687-7134 ammartinez@dekalbcountyga.gov. Extensions for
cause only, scheduling order required after first three. Telephone
conferences encouraged, required for discovery issues. No general
objections. Must provide a complete response or explain. At deposition
"objection to form" only. Instruct not to respond only based on
privilege or prior order of the court, "[a]nd the objection better be
good." No privilege to conversations during depositions. Discovery must
be served in time to respond during discovery period. MSJ AND DAUBERT
due 30 days after discovery. Various pretrial instructions in the order,
all witnesses must be identified by name. MIL at pretrial conference.

Trucking case, rear end. DOL 2017-08-22 filed on one year deadline
because workers comp.

Judge: Dax E. Lopez

2018-10-22 Answer of Defendants pursuant to verbal only extension, James
V. Wysocki, Gower Wooten & Darneille, LLC, 4200 Northside Parkway NW,
Building 12, Atlanta, GA 30327 404-662 2333. Answer contains
jurisdiction and venue defenses and alleges that the direct action
statute does not apply. Blanket denial of liability. NEW COUNSEL by
substitution is Robert W. Johnson.

2018-10-22 Answer of UM through Stephen J. Rapp, Weinberg, Wheeler,
Hudgins, Gunn & Dial, LLC, 3344 Peachtree Road, NE, Suite 2400, Atlanta,
GA 30326 404-876-2700.

Damages: $40,296.85 medical specials, no lost wages pled. Treated with
Caduceus Clinic, Work Comp Surgeons and Resurgens Orthopaedics. Client
was still actively treating at date of transfer 1x a month with
Resurgens. Client was diagnosed with muscle strain of lower back, muscle
strain of back wall of thorax & muscle strain of the rotator cuff of
right shoulder. Client had epidural injections with Work Comp surgeons
and client is still having sharp pains on his right side. Medical
records incomplete at date of transfer from prelit. Still treating
shoulder and neck, PT. Did a year with back, better, still sometimes has
sharp pains. Epidurals didn't help, still has back issues. No talk of
injections, other surgery. Disc bulge, preexisting back (fracture);
alignment issue now. Colleen said 25-35k when it was 14k damages. Can't
lift stuff as well.

Coverage: LI: Selective Insurance, $1,000,000.00 UM: National Union Fire
Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, PA (AIG), $2,000,000.00

Settlement: Client has a Gallagher Bassett workers comp lien well in
excess of what we have for damages, looks like we are looking at more
like 20k medical. No presuit demand, we filed on the one year comp
deadline. They offered 25,000.

He averaged 77.16 hours per two week pay period in 2017, excluding the
two pay periods immediately after the accident, when he worked 28.71 and
27.06 hours, respectively. At his

rate of 19.50 per hour, that's $1,922.90. There is also a loss of
capacity to labor component because he needs assistance at work now;
this hasn't currently impacted his pay but may in the future. Per client
total of 644.13 hours from pay periods under 80 hours, subtract 56 hours
for a funeral, so I'm estimating $11,500.

UM is in to preserve rights, they contend declination of coverage.
