
PLAINTIFFS' RESPONSE TO MOTION FOR SUMMARY JUDGMENT BY UNINSURED MOTORIST CARRIER

The present motion seeks reconsideration of a ruling from the Court regarding the applicability of uninsured motorist coverage in this action, which arises from a fatal single vehicle accident in Lumpkin County, Georgia. The decedent passenger in this case was a resident of Tennessee, and the present motion seeks to apply Tennessee law and obtain summary judgment on that basis. The primary basis asserted by movant for seeking reconsideration is the fact that St. Paul Fire & Marine Ins. Co. v. Hughes. 321 Ga. App. 738, 742 S.E.2d 762 (2013) is distinguishable because it involved a vehicle principally garaged in Georgia, unlike here. (Br. Supp. Mot. Reconsideration at 1-2.) Movants also attach as additional exhibits of doubtful relevance to the issues on the present motion, specifically the police report and death certificate (Br. Supp. Mot. Reconsideration at 2.)

The arguments presented by movant in seeking reconsideration are not novel. Plaintiff expressly stated in prior briefing that fact that Hughes case does not overrule prior authority except to the extent it involves vehicles principally garaged in Georgia and made it abundantly clear that the case was cited simply as authority for the proposition that "the Georgia Courts have departed from the strictest application of the rule of lex loci contractus in this area." (Pl. Br. Opp. MSJ at 3.) Plaintiff does not contend and never has contended that this case is identical with Hughes. Plaintiff contends that the public policy of the state of Georgia as articulated in OCGA ยง 33-7-11 should provide an exception to the rule of lex loci contractus, and that the law is evolving in this are.

Moreover, as previously argued, the present motion is not ripe. Reid v. U.S. Fidelity c Co., 223 Ga. App. 204 (1996) ("Any decision regarding who may be ultimately liable for satisfaction of any judgment which might be rendered against [a defendant driver] is not an issue ripe for adjudication by the trial court [prior to entry of such a judgment].") The Court should deny the motion for reconsideration of its order.
